I guess the magazine, “Christianity Today,” is looking for Elizabeth Warren, Bernie Sanders, or those of the socialist/communist bent, to guard their religion. How about Sleepy Joe? The fact is, no President has ever done what I have done for Evangelicals, or religion itself!
 It's no surprise that far-left Democrats like Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Illhan Omar support Senator Bernie Sanders for Presiden…
 Trump’s OVERFLOW crowd is bigger than any audience Bernie or Biden will ever see.   Stood outside at Rio Rancho to support t…
“Meanwhile, the Dayton, Ohio, shooter had a history of supporting political figures like Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren, and ANTIFA.” OANN  I hope other news outlets will report this as opposed to Fake News. Thank you!
Crazy Bernie Sanders recently equated the City of Baltimore to a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY! Based on that statement, I assume that Bernie must now be labeled a Racist, just as a Republican would if he used that term and standard! The fact is, Baltimore can be brought back, maybe......
We have a GREAT TEAM in Pennsylvania! I’m proud to say that our good friends Lawrence Tabas and Bernadette “Bernie” Comfort will now be working together to run the PAGOP. Lawrence will be Chairman and Bernie will Chair my Pennsylvania Campaign. We must have, and do, great UNITY in PA!
A truly great, patriotic and charitable man, Bernie Marcus, the co-founder of Home Depot who, at the age of 90, is coming under attack by the Radical Left Democrats with one of their often used weapons. They don’t want people to shop at those GREAT stores because he contributed....
....to your favorite President, me! These people are vicious and totally crazed, but remember, there are far more great people (“Deplorables”) in this country, than bad. Do to them what they do to you. Fight for Bernie Marcus and Home Depot!
I am in Japan at the G-20, representing our Country well, but I heard it was not a good day for Sleepy Joe or Crazy Bernie. One is exhausted, the other is nuts - so what’s the big deal?
Looks like Bernie Sanders is history. Sleepy Joe Biden is pulling ahead and think about it, I’m only here because of Sleepy Joe and the man who took him off the 1% trash heap, President O! China wants Sleepy Joe BADLY!
Bernie Sanders, “The Economy is doing well, and I’m sure I don’t have to give Trump any credit - I’m sure he’ll take all the credit that he wants.” Wrong Bernie, the Economy is doing GREAT, and would have CRASHED if my opponent (and yours), Crooked Hillary Clinton, had ever won!
Looks to me like it’s going to be Sleepy Creepy Joe over Crazy Bernie. Everyone else is fading fast!
....for the more traditional, but not very bright, Sleepy Joe Biden. Here we go again Bernie, but this time please show a little more anger and indignation when you get screwed!
The Democratic National Committee, sometimes referred to as the DNC, is again working its magic in its quest to destroy Crazy Bernie Sanders....
I believe it will be Crazy Bernie Sanders vs. Sleepy Joe Biden as the two finalists to run against maybe the best Economy in the history of our Country (and MANY other great things)! I look forward to facing whoever it may be. May God Rest Their Soul!
Bernie Sanders and wife should pay the Pre-Trump Taxes on their almost $600,000 in income. He is always complaining about these big TAX CUTS, except when it benefits him. They made a fortune off of Trump, but so did everyone else - and that’s a good thing, not a bad thing!
Many Trump Fans and Signs were outside of the Fox News Studio last night in the now thriving (Thank you President Trump) Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, for the interview with Crazy Bernie Sanders. Big complaints about not being let in-stuffed with Bernie supporters. What’s with Fox News?
So weird to watch Crazy Bernie on Fox News. Not surprisingly, Bret Baier and the “audience” was so smiley and nice. Very strange, and now we have donnabrazile?
Crazy Bernie has just entered the race. I wish him well!
Open enrollment starts today on lower-priced Medicare Advantage plans so loved by our great seniors. Crazy Bernie and his band of Congressional Dems will outlaw these plans. Disaster!
Looking more and more like the Trump Campaign for President was illegally being spied upon (surveillance) for the political gain of Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC. Ask her how that worked out - she did better with Crazy Bernie. Republicans must get tough now. An illegal Scam!
...Follow the money! The spy was there early in the campaign and yet never reported Collusion with Russia, because there was no Collusion. He was only there to spy for political reasons and to help Crooked Hillary win - just like they did to Bernie Sanders, who got duped!
Congratulations to bernieandsid on their new 77wabcradio morning radio show in New York City. It was an honor to join you two – good luck! 
I always felt I would be running and winning against Bernie Sanders, not Crooked H, without cheating, I was right.
Bernie Sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the Dem primary by Crooked Hillary!
The real story on Collusion is in Donna B's new book. Crooked Hillary bought the DNC and then stole the Democratic Primary from Crazy Bernie!
Donna Brazile just stated the DNC RIGGED the system to illegally steal the Primary from Bernie Sanders. Bought and paid for by Crooked H....
Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the U.S. and its people...
Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie!
The race for DNC Chairman was, of course, totally "rigged." Bernie's guy, like Bernie himself, never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez!
While on FAKE NEWS CNN, Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties!
"jensen4law: Best way to pay Hillary back for what she did to Bernie Sanders DNCleak is a Donald Trump LANDSLIDE "
Bernie Sanders on HRC: Bad Judgement. John Podesta on HRC: Bad Instincts. Big League Truth Debate
Wow, CNN Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders. Hillary and CNN FRAUD!
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!
Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters.
Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!
Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade, a lot!
Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by Bernie S, she has BAD JUDGEMENT
"Gold Jazz559: Black Men For Bernie Leader: Hillary2016 ‘No Regard For Black Race’  via dailycaller Blacks For Trump
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.
Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars,  NAFTA/TPP support and Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes.
As usual, Hillary and the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!
What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton. 
Wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out, V.P. pick!
The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!
Bernie caved! 
Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?
Bernie's exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time.
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V.P. a joke!
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP, is in pocket of Wall Street, and backed Iraq War.
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her "servant" was doing at the DNC - they just got caught, that's all! They laughed at Bernie.
If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same.
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength, I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie), media would go wild
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted, no energy left!
Sorry folks, but Bernie Sanders is exhausted, just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!
There is no longer a Bernie Sanders "political revolution." He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure,wants it all to end!
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!
Bernie Sanders started off strong, but with the selection of Kaine for V.P., is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT
The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. RIGGED
Tim Kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged, was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!
The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine, who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?
It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!
To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals and global special interests, we welcome you with open arms. People first.
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.
I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!
Bernie Sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!
As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!
Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters, because of trade, will come to me.
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!
Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!
I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is "not qualified" to be president because she has "very bad judgement" - Bernie said the same thing!
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!
"Shonee P: real Donald Trump Trump for President! Bernie is a joke, knows nothing - and Hillary is yesterday's and today's nightmare"
"HFFoundation4: real Donald Trump One thing we know for sure Bernie Sanders supporters will turn to Trump - absolutely not Hillary Clinton"
Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie, run.
If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie, how is she going to take on China, Russia, ISIS and all of the others?
I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!
Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary, who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie, will lose!
Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS, and China on trade, and Mexico at the border. Bad!
Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says, she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the women's card - it is sad!
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates and otherwise. He should show them, and run as an Independent.
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates and otherwise. He should show them, and run as an Independent!
I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability, I can go along with that!
How come the TODAYshow and chucktodd show the new NBCNews Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz?
"wh:  WOW people are so misinformed on Donald Trump character! Watch this video! Hillary and Bernie don't come close
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours!
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!
.USATODAY Poll and Quinnipiac Poll say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie, and I havn't even started on them yet!
The just out USA Today National Poll, where I lead by big numbers, shows that in a head to head matchup, I beat both Hillary and Bernie.
"Mark Halperin: My report card grades for the 2 New Hampshire winners: Donald Trump A: v strong energy/close. Bernie Sanders B+: went too long
"Mr Juuon: We Are Bernie will be overtaken by We Want Trump. We are superior and have more supporters. makeamericagreatagain trump."
"deggow: Just heard a 25 year old man say "I would rather work for Donald Trump than Bernie Sanders"it's time for me to leave this party."
Strange, but I see wacko Bernie Sanders allies coming over to me because I'm lowering taxes, while he will double and triple them, a disaster!
.Bernie Sanders-who blew his campaign when he gave Hillary a pass on her e-mail crime, said that I feel wages in America are too high. Lie!
"Bernie Sanders: ABC News spent 81 minutes on Donald Trump and only 20 seconds on our campaign.  That's because ABC is smart!
Wow, Bernie Sanders just admitted that the real unemployment rate is 10% (it is actually over 20%) and for  African American youth - 51%.
"muhfuck: Bernie Sanders Donald Trump is the only candidate for middle class America real Donald Trump Trump2016 Make America Great Again"
Good move by Bernie S.
How is Bernie Sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? Very sad!
I had 15,000 people in Phoenix but politico said "the rooms capacity is just over 2000." But said Bernie  Sanders had 11,000 in same room.
"tarabernie: Hey real Donald Trump check out Access Hollywood: "  Thank you Dan Rather, we have just begun!
"tonyparker1981: Nate_Cohn chrislhayes Not a huge surprise all day T.V. is all about real Donald Trump and nothing about Bernie Sanders
"WGinetta: CNNSotu THE real Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders ARE DOING WELL CUZ THE PPL R DISGUSTED WITH CORRUPT POLITICIANS
"emilyplacido: real Donald Trump Bernie Sandner Apprentice NBC Me too!!!! Team Leeza all the way!!! Leezas Care Cafe is a wonderful charity!!
"Bernie Sandner: real Donald Trump Apprentice NBC I'm ready for the show tomorrow night."
Congratulations to Bernie Marcus and Herman Cain Job Creators USA on the Truth Tour2012--All employers need to check this out!
Bernie Madoff and Tony La Russa in today's trumpvlog...  
