 Speaker Pelosi Claimed To ‘Resent’ The Word ‘Hate.’ She Once Said GOP Were ‘Paralyzed With Hatred’ Of Clinton. …
 FBI has now lost TWICE in federal court in its scheming to hide FBI-Clinton gang conspiracy to try to destroy  real Donald Tr…
 Tom Fitton: Pelosi/Schiff Abuse Worsens, FBI “Finds” Clinton Emails, PLUS 5 NEW JW Lawsuits against Deep State .…
 A great new book by Howie Carr, “What Really Happened, How Donald J. Trump Saved America From Hillary Clinton,” is on…
A great new book by Howie Carr, “What Really Happened, How Donald J. Trump Saved America From Hillary Clinton,” is on sale now. Howie is a talented New England force who was there at the very beginning!
....kilmeade   “I want to know about Hillary Clinton with the Dossier? I want to know if there was FISA abuse? We’re still waiting for that report!” ainsleyearhardt  foxandfriends
Crooked Hillary Clinton just called the respected environmentalist and Green Party candidate, Jill Stein, a “Russian Asset.” They need a Green Party more than ever after looking at the Democrats disastrous environmental program!
 NEW: US State Dept. has completed its internal investigation into former Sec. Clinton's use of private email and found violati…
 HUGE: HUNDREDS of Security Violations Tied to Clinton Emails; CRIME?-Deep State Enemies List Targets Real Donald Trump Family…
“What has happened here with the Anthony Wiener laptop, the Server, all of the Emails between Huma Abedin and Hillary Clinton, the deleted Clinton Emails - what is going on?” Lou Dobbs  Joe D and Victoria T!
Radical Left Dem Mayor of Minneapolis, Jacob Frey, is doing everything possible to stifle Free Speech despite a record sell-out crowd at the Target Center. Presidents Clinton and Obama paid almost nothing! The Minneapolis Police have been incredible....
I think that Crooked Hillary Clinton should enter the race to try and steal it away from Uber Left Elizabeth Warren. Only one condition. The Crooked one must explain all of her high crimes and misdemeanors including how and why she deleted 33,000 Emails AFTER getting “C” Subpoena!
Gerry Baker of WSJat Large  “Do you think what you’ve seen rises to the level of impeachment?” Ken Starr, Clinton Special Prosecutor. “I don’t!”
 So Crooked Hillary Clinton can delete and acid wash 33,000 emails AFTER getting a Subpoena from the United States Cong…
So Crooked Hillary Clinton can delete and acid wash 33,000 emails AFTER getting a Subpoena from the United States Congress, but I can’t make one totally appropriate telephone call to the President of Ukraine? Witch Hunt!
Nancy Pelosi today, on GMA, actually said that Adam Schiffty Schiff didn’t fabricate my words in a major speech before Congress. She either had no idea what she was saying, in other words lost it, or she lied. Even Clinton lover GStephanopoulos strongly called her out. Sue her?
....Election, and negate the votes of millions of Evangelicals in the process. They know the only Impeachable offense that President Trump has committed was beating Hillary Clinton in 2016. That’s the unpardonable sin for which the Democrats will never forgive him.....
“Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats can’t put down the Impeachment match. They know they couldn’t beat him in 2016 against Hillary Clinton, and they’re increasingly aware of the fact that they won’t win against him in 2020, and Impeachment is the only tool they have to get....
“State Department has stepped up Hillary Clinton Email probe.” foxandfriends  You mean the 33,000 Emails that she has deleted and acid washed so they can never be found, even though she said that all 33,000 pertained only to her daughter’s wedding, and her Yoga!
“Attorney For Anti-Trump ‘Whistleblower’ Worked For Hillary Clinton, Chuck Schumer” 
“The pretend Ukraine scandal is an another malicious seditious effort to protect the Obama/Clinton gang. Criminal classified leaks and spying targeting Trump — again.” Tom Fitton
 Wow, Report Just Out! Google manipulated from 2.6 million to 16 million votes for Hillary Clinton in 2016 Election! Th…
Wow, Report Just Out! Google manipulated from 2.6 million to 16 million votes for Hillary Clinton in 2016 Election! This was put out by a Clinton supporter, not a Trump Supporter! Google should be sued. My victory was even bigger than thought! Judicial Watch
 This is a tour de force which is equivalent to Reagan and Clinton but has much bigger audiences and he excites them much…
 JUST ANNOUNCED: President real Donald Trump will enforce a Clinton-era law to ensure that non-citizens do not abuse our publ…
 Died of SUICIDE on 24/7 SUICIDE WATCH ? Yeah right! How does that happen  Jeffery Epstein had information on Bill Clinton and…
 BREAKING: Documents were unsealed yesterday revealing that top Democrats, including Bill Clinton, took private trips to…
..”This is an astounding development in journalism. I’ve never seen it happen before, I’ve just never seen anything like this! Is that journalism today? I don’t think so!” Mark Penn, Former Clinton Advisor. Tucker Carlson After 3 years I almost got a good headline from the Times!
...in 2020.” Lou Dobbs stated that this is a fraud on the American public. peterschweizer stated with certainty that they suppressed negative stories on Hillary Clinton, and boosted negative stories on Donald Trump. All very illegal. We are watching Google very closely!
....in 2020.” Lou Dobbs stated that this is a fraud on the American public. peterschweizer stated with certainty that they suppressed negative stories on Hillary Clinton, and boosted negative stories on Donald Ttump. All very illegal. We are watching Google very closely!
....vindication and exoneration from the Russian, Wiki Leaks and every other form of HOAX perpetrated by the DNC, Radical Democrats and others. This is really big “stuff” especially coming from a highly respected judge who was appointed by President Clinton. The Witch Hunt Ends!
The real Collusion, the Conspiracy, the Crime, was between the Clinton Campaign, the DNC, Fusion GPS, Christopher Steele.....(and many others including Comey, Mc Cabe, Lisa Page and her lover, Ohr and his wonderful wife, and on and on!). replouiegohmert
So why didn’t the highly conflicted Robert Mueller investigate how and why Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted and acid washed 33,000 Emails immediately AFTER getting a SUBPOENA from the United States Congress? She must have GREAT lawyers!
Why didn’t Robert Mueller and his band of 18 Angry Democrats spend any time investigating Crooked Hillary Clinton, Lyin’ and Leakin’ James Comey, Lisa Page and her Psycho lover, Peter S, Andy Mc Cabe, the beautiful Ohr family, Fusion GPS, and many more,  including HIMSELF and Andrew W?
....But the questions should be asked, why were all of Clinton’s people given immunity, and why were the text messages of Peter S and his lover, Lisa Page, deleted and destroyed right after they left Mueller, and after we requested them(this is Illegal)?
Here we go with the Fake Polls. Just like what happened with the Election against Crooked Hillary Clinton. ABC, NBC, CNN, nytimes, washingtonpost, they all got it wrong, on purpose. Suppression Polls so early? They will never learn!
 Tom Fitton: Why Didn't Mueller Investigate Clinton Campaign Getting Anti-Trump Dirt from Russians? …
 Hillary Clinton is not above the law, yet she has a record of contempt for the rule of law. Our leaders are bound by the…
 .Tom Fitton: “The president should direct the DOJ to re-open the Clinton investigation to reassure Americans that there…
 .Tom Fitton's breaking news on Clintonemailscandal: "New testimony shows Obama State Dept hid Clinton emails and then let…
Impossible to believe that Fox News has hired donnabrazile, the person fired by CNN (after they tried to hide the bad facts, and failed) for giving Crooked Hillary Clinton the questions to a debate, something unimaginable. Now she is all over Fox, including Shep Smith, by far....
 Did Joe Biden forget about Obama’s Secretary of State Hillary Clinton offering a “reset” with Russia, undermining our nat…
As most people are aware, according to the Polls, I won EVERY debate, including the three with Crooked Hillary Clinton, despite the fact that in the first debate, they modulated the sound on me, and got caught. This crew looks somewhat easier than Crooked, but you never know?
That’s right, The Trump Foundation gave away 100% plus, with Zero rent or expenses charged, and has been being sued by Cuomo and New York State for years - another part of the political Witch Hunt. Just in case anyone is interested - Clinton Foundation never even looked at!
....more money than it had. Going on for years, originally brought by Crooked Hillary’s Campaign Chair, A.G. Eric Schneiderman, until forced to resign for abuse against women. They never even looked at the disgusting Clinton Foundation. Now Cuomo’s A.G. is harassing all of my....
Ever since the passage of the Super Predator Crime Bill, pushed hard by Joe Biden, together with Bill and Crooked Hillary Clinton, which inflicted great pain on many, but especially the African American Community, Democrats have tried and failed to pass Criminal Justice Reform...
 Hillary Clinton is not above the law, yet she has a record of contempt for the rule of law. Our leaders are bound by the…
....asking Hillary Clinton why she deleted and acid washed her Emails AFTER getting a subpoena from Congress? Anybody else would be in jail for that, yet the Dems refuse to even bring it up. Rigged House Committee
Wow!  The State Department said it has identified 30 Security Incidents involving current or former employees and their handling of Crooked Hillary Clinton’s Emails. Fox News  This is really big. Never admitted before. Highly Classified Material. Will the Dems investigate this?
 Obama-Clinton-Russia:  The REAL Collusion Scandal; Docs Show Obama State Dept. Launders Steele Dossier to Target real Donald…
....and other really bad people, SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN! They even had an “insurance policy” just in case Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats lost their race for the Presidency! This is the biggest and worst political scandal in the history of the United States of America. Sad!
Bernie Sanders, “The Economy is doing well, and I’m sure I don’t have to give Trump any credit - I’m sure he’ll take all the credit that he wants.” Wrong Bernie, the Economy is doing GREAT, and would have CRASHED if my opponent (and yours), Crooked Hillary Clinton, had ever won!
 List of Hillary's spies. Deep State DOJ redacted Bruce Ohr's list of "intermediaries" used by Obama-Clinton-DNC's Fusion GPS…
 A federal court granted Judicial Watch discovery on Clinton emails because the court wanted answers about the cover-up. And…
 FBI Official: Barack Obama's White House Was A "Repository" For Hillary Clinton's Emails - Judicial Watch …
 BREAKING: New emails show Obama WH orchestrated Clinton email coverup; Illegal spying on real Donald Trump biggest corruption…
 Hillary Clinton is STILL claiming the election was “stolen” from her.   It wasn’t.  She had a failed message and complet…
 JW announced that a senior FBI official admitted, in writing and under oath, that the agency found Clinton email records…
 .Tom Fitton discusses that “Obama, Biden, Clinton, Susan Rice, the DNC, John Brennan, Comey, Clapper, Kerry, Mc Cabe, Lor…
 BREAKING: Obama knew -- FBI admits it found Clinton Emails in Obama WH! PLUS Judicial Watch is already investigating the inv…
 On "Hannity", seanhannity discussed some key findings from Judicial Watch in regards to the Clinton cover-up: "We are f…
 JW President Tom Fitton discusses Clinton’s memo: "She signed a memo saying ‘due to recent targeting of personal email a…
The Mueller Report, which was written by 18 Angry Democrats who also happen to be Trump Haters (and Clinton Supporters), should have focused on the people who SPIED on my 2016 Campaign, and others who fabricated the whole Russia Hoax. That is, never forget, the crime.....
In 1998, Rep.Jerry Nadler strongly opposed the release of the Starr Report on Bill Clinton. No information whatsoever would or could be legally released. But with the NO COLLUSION Mueller Report, which the Dems hate, he wants it all. NOTHING WILL EVER SATISFY THEM! foxandfriends
“John Solomon: As Russia Collusion fades, Ukrainian plot to help Clinton emerges.” seanhannity  Fox News
Google is helping China and their military, but not the U.S. Terrible! The good news is that they helped Crooked Hillary Clinton, and not Trump....and how did that turn out?
“Double Standard - Former FBI lawyer (Lisa Page) admits being told to go easy on Clinton.”  Very unfair!  Fox News
 Why did Adam Schiff try to block Congress from learning that the Clinton campaign paid for the Dossier?
 Why did Adam Schiff fail to disclose that he met with Glenn Simpson (whose Dossier oppo research was funded by the Clinton…
 BIG:Judicial Watch Uncovers DOJ Docs Showing Numerous Bruce Ohr Communications with Clinton/DNC's Fusion GPS, Christopher St…
 The real collusion scandal... why haven't Hillary Clinton and her lawyers been questioned about their collusion with Fusion…
“There’s not one shred of evidence that President Trump has done anything wrong.” Graham Ledger One America News.  So true, a total Witch Hunt - All started illegally by Crooked Hillary Clinton, the DNC and others!
 .Judicial Watch exposed that Clinton operation and FBI paying Steele at the same time here:   https:/…
 Jim Jordan: No evidence of Trump colluding with Russia, but 'all kinds' showing Clinton campaign did …
“(Crooked) Hillary Clinton confirms she will not run in 2020, rules out a third bid for White House.” Aw-shucks, does that mean I won’t get to run against her again? She will be sorely missed!
Now that they realize the only Collusion with Russia was done by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats, Nadler, Schiff and the Dem heads of the Committees have gone stone cold CRAZY. 81 letter sent to innocent people to harass them. They won’t get ANYTHING done for our Country!
Michael Cohen’s book manuscript shows that he committed perjury on a scale not seen before. He must have forgotten about his book when he testified. What does Hillary Clinton’s lawyer, Lanny Davis, say about this one. Is he being paid by Crooked Hillary. Using her lawyer?
The only Collusion with the Russians was with Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee...And, where’s the Server that the DNC refused to give to the FBI?  Where are the new Texts between Agent Lisa Page and her Agent lover, Peter S? We want them now!
 MASSIVE Judicial Watch Update:  Lawsuit to Expose Coup Against Real Donald Trump, Another FBI Cover-up of potential Clinton e…
I never said anything bad about Andrew Mc Cabe’s wife other than she (they) should not have taken large amounts of campaign money from a Crooked Hillary source when Clinton was under investigation by the FBI. I never called his wife a loser to him (another Mc Cabe made up lie)!
 ....Many of the top FBI brass were fired, forced to leave, or left. Mc Cabe’s wife received BIG DOLLARS from Clinton pe…
 BIG: Strzok/Page Docs Show More Collusion to Protect Hillary Clinton; Voter Fraud Crisis--Thousands of Aliens Illegally Voti…
....Many of the top FBI brass were fired, forced to leave, or left. Mc Cabe’s wife received BIG DOLLARS from Clinton people for her campaign - he gave Hillary a pass. Mc Cabe is a disgrace to the FBI and a disgrace to our Country. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 JW released State Dept docs showing the Clinton-linked Podesta Group run by Tony Podesta (the brother of John Podesta wh…
...It is all a GIANT AND ILLEGAL HOAX, developed long before the election itself, but used as an excuse by the Democrats as to why Crooked Hillary Clinton lost the Election! Someday the Fake News Media will turn honest and report that Donald J. Trump was actually a GREAT Candidate!
CBS reports that in the Roger Stone indictment, data was “released during the 2016 Election to damage Hillary Clinton.” Oh really! What about the Fake and Unverified “Dossier,” a total phony conjob, that was paid for by Crooked Hillary to damage me and the Trump Campaign? What...
So interesting that bad lawyer Michael Cohen, who sadly will not be testifying before Congress, is using the lawyer of Crooked Hillary Clinton to represent him - Gee, how did that happen? Remember July 4th weekend when Crooked went before FBI and wasn’t sworn in, no tape, nothing?
Former FBI top lawyer James Baker just admitted involvement in FISA Warrant and further admitted there  were IRREGULARITIES in the way the Russia probe was handled. They relied heavily on the unverified Trump “Dossier” paid for by the DNC and Clinton Campaign, and funded through a...
FBI top lawyer confirms “unusual steps.” They relied on the Clinton Campaign’s Fake and Unverified “Dossier,” which is illegal. “That has corrupted them. That has enabled them to gather evidence by UNCONSTITUTIONAL MEANS, and that’s what they did to the President.” Judge Napolitano
Remember it was Buzzfeed that released the totally discredited “Dossier,” paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats (as opposition research), on which the entire Russian probe is based! A very sad day for journalism, but a great day for our Country!
 When are we going to start investigating the REAL collusion scandal? The collusion between the Clinton and Obama teams and fore…
I have been FAR tougher on Russia than Obama, Bush or Clinton. Maybe tougher than any other President. At the same time, and as I have often said, getting along with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. I fully expect that someday we will have good relations with Russia again!
.....who is being totally protected by his best friend, Bob Mueller, and the 13 Angry Democrats - leaking machines who have NO interest in going after the Real Collusion (and much more) by Crooked Hillary Clinton, her Campaign, and the Democratic National Committee. Just Watch!
....the FBI was in complete turmoil (see N.Y. Post) because of Comey’s poor leadership and the way he handled the Clinton mess (not to mention his usurpation of powers from the Justice Department). My firing of James Comey was a great day for America. He was a Crooked Cop......
“We simply cannot allow people to pour into the United States undetected, undocumented, unchecked...” Barrack Obama, 2005. I voted, when I was a Senator, to build a barrier to try to prevent illegal immigrants from coming in...” Hillary Clinton, 2015.
...sleazebag AG Eric Schneiderman, who has since resigned over horrific women abuse, when I wanted to close the Foundation so as not to be in conflict with politics. Shady Eric was head of New Yorkers for Clinton, and refused to even look at the corrupt Clinton Foundation......
Never in the history of our Country has the “press” been more dishonest than it is today. Stories that should be good, are bad. Stories that should be bad, are horrible. Many stories, like with the REAL story on Russia, Clinton and the DNC, seldom get reported. Too bad!
...the lying and leaking by the people doing the Report, and also Bruce Ohr (and his lovely wife Molly), Comey, Brennan, Clapper, and all of the many fired people of the FBI, be listed in the Report? Will the corruption within the DNC and Clinton Campaign be exposed?..And so much more!
.....overturned, 9-0, in the United States Supreme Court. Doing same thing to people now. Will all of the substantial and many contributions made by the 17 Angry Democrats to the Campaign of Crooked Hillary be listed in top of Report. Will the people that worked for the Clinton....
Robert Mueller and Leakin’ Lyin’ James Comey are Best Friends, just one of many Mueller Conflicts of Interest. And bye the way, wasn’t the woman in charge of prosecuting Jerome Corsi (who I do not know) in charge of “legal” at the corrupt Clinton Foundation? A total Witch Hunt...
Did you ever see an investigation more in search of a crime? At the same time Mueller and the Angry Democrats aren’t even looking at the atrocious, and perhaps subversive, crimes that were committed by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. A total disgrace!
 I'm thankful for every day Hillary Clinton is not President!
The Mueller Witch Hunt is a total disgrace. They are looking at supposedly stolen Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails (even though they don’t want to look at the DNC Server), but have no interest in the Emails that Hillary DELETED and acid washed AFTER getting a Congressional Subpoena!
....terrible Gang of Angry Democrats. Look at their past, and look where they come from. The now $30,000,000 Witch Hunt continues and they’ve got nothing but ruined lives. Where is the Server? Let these terrible people go back to the Clinton Foundation and “Justice” Department!
Clinton Foundation donations drop 42% - which shows that they illegally played the power game. They monetized their political influence through the Foundation. “During her tenure the State Department was put in the service of the Clinton Foundation.”  Andrew Mc Carthy
Of course we should have captured Osama Bin Laden long before we did. I pointed him out in my book just BEFORE the attack on the World Trade Center. President Clinton famously missed his shot. We paid Pakistan Billions of Dollars and they never told us he was living there. Fools!..
The illegal Mueller Witch Hunt continues in search of a crime. There was never Collusion with Russia, except by the Clinton campaign, so the 17 Angry Democrats are looking at anything they can find. Very unfair and BAD for the country. ALSO, not allowed under the LAW!
“There is no possible way the Trump Tower meeting between Don Trump jr and a couple of Russians, who have very deep connections to both the Clintons and Fusion GPS, and where no information on the Clintons was exchanged, is a crime. Dems are blinded by their hatred of Trump.” Bongino
“No information was ever given by the Trump Team to Russia, yet the Hillary Clinton campaign paid for information from Kremlin sources and just washed it through an intermediary, Christopher Steele.”  Jesse Waters
....positions of power. That’s part of the story of the Russia Hoax. Christopher Steele is on the payroll of Hillary Clinton and the FBI, and when they fired him for lying, they continued to use him. Violation of FBI regulations. Kept trying to verify the unverifiable.” Gregg Jarrett
“You have a Fake Dossier, gathered by Steele, paid by the Clinton team to get information on Trump. The Dossier is Fake, nothing in it has been verified. It then filters into our American court system in order to spy on Barrack Obama and Hillary Clinton’s political opponent......
“Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid for information from the Russian government to use against her government - there’s no doubt about that!” Tucker Carlson
Hillary Clinton’s Emails, many of which are Classified Information, got hacked by China. Next move better be by the FBI and DOJ or, after all of their other missteps (Comey, Mc Cabe, Strzok, Page, Ohr, FISA, Dirty Dossier etc.), their credibility will be forever gone!
Report just out: “China hacked Hillary Clinton’s private Email Server.” Are they sure it wasn’t Russia (just kidding!)? What are the odds that the FBI and DOJ are right on top of this? Actually, a very big story. Much classified information!
 ....FISA abuse, Christopher Steele and his phony and corrupt Dossier, the Clinton Foundation, illegal surveillance of Tr…
“The FBI only looked at 3000 of 675,000 Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails.” They purposely didn’t look at the disasters. This news is just out. Fox News
Ex-NSA contractor to spend 63 months in jail over “classified” information. Gee, this is “small potatoes” compared to what Hillary Clinton did! So unfair Jeff, Double Standard.
....FISA abuse, Christopher Steele and his phony and corrupt Dossier, the Clinton Foundation, illegal surveillance of Trump Campaign, Russian collusion by Dems - and so much more. Open up the papers and documents without redaction? Come on Jeff, you can do it, the country is waiting!
The only thing that I have done wrong is to win an election that was expected to be won by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. The problem is, they forgot to campaign in numerous states!
Which is worse, Hightax Andrew Cuomo's statement, “WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT” or Hillary Clinton’s “DEPLORABLES” statement...
“Hillary Clinton clearly got a pass by the FBI. We have the unfortunate situation where they then decided they were going to frame Donald Trump” concerning the Rigged Witch Hunt. JOE DIGENOVA, former U.S. Attorney.
“They were all in on it, clear Hillary Clinton and FRAME Donald Trump for things he didn’t do.” Gregg Jarrett on foxandfriends  If we had a real Attorney General, this Witch Hunt would never have been started! Looking at the wrong people.
....guy was corrupt and had anti-Trump animus. Strzok and others at the FBI should be criminally investigated for the way the conducted this investigation. Instead, Mueller is pretending nothing went wrong. He used Strzok, he used the Clinton DNC Dossier...the whole thing....
Just fired Agent Strzok, formerly of the FBI, was in charge of the Crooked Hillary Clinton sham investigation. It was a total fraud on the American public and should be properly redone!
“There has been no evidence whatsoever that Donald Trump or the campaign was involved in any kind of collusion to fix the 2016 election. In fact the evidence is the opposite, that Hillary Clinton and the Democrats colluded with the Russians to fix the 2016 election.” Graham Ledger
“Collusion with Russia was very real. Hillary Clinton and her team 100% colluded with the Russians, and so did Adam Schiff who is on tape trying to collude with what he thought was Russians to obtain compromising material on DJT. We also know that Hillary Clinton paid through....
Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett on his book, “THE RUSSIA HOAX, THE ILLICIT SCHEME TO CLEAR HILLARY CLINTON AND FRAME DONALD TRUMP,” going to 1 on nytimes and Amazon. It is indeed a HOAX and WITCH HUNT, illegally started by people who have already been disgraced. Great book!
Congratulations to  Gregg Jarrett on The TREMENDOUS success of his just out book, “The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump.” Already number one on Amazon. Hard work from a brilliant guy. It’s the Real Story of the Rigged Witch Hunt!
“We already have a smoking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent, it was Hillary Clinton. How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad?” Marc Thiessen, Washington Post
“We already have a smocking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent, it was Hillary Clinton. How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad?” Marc Thiessen, Washington Post
“The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump” is a Hot Seller, already Number One! More importantly, it is a great book that everyone is talking about. It covers the Rigged Witch Hunt brilliantly. Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett!
....and the DOJ, FBI and Obama Gang need to be held to account. Source 1 was the major source. Avoided talking about it being the Clinton campaign behind it. Misled the Court to provide a pretext to SPY on the Trump Team. Not about Carter Page..was all about getting Trump.....
“It was classified to cover up misconduct by the FBI and the Justice Department in misleading the Court by using this Dossier in a dishonest way to gain a warrant to target the Trump Team. This is a Clinton Campaign document. It was a fraud and a hoax designed to target Trump....
So we now find out that it was indeed the unverified and Fake Dirty Dossier, that was paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC, that was knowingly and falsely submitted to FISA and which was responsible for starting the totally conflicted and discredited Mueller Witch Hunt!
Looking more and more like the Trump Campaign for President was illegally being spied upon (surveillance) for the political gain of Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC. Ask her how that worked out - she did better with Crazy Bernie. Republicans must get tough now. An illegal Scam!
These Russian individuals did their work during the Obama years. Why didn’t Obama do something about it?  Because he thought Crooked Hillary Clinton would win, that’s why. Had nothing to do with the Trump Administration, but Fake News doesn’t want to report the truth, as usual!
 I’ve had to beat 17 very talented people including the Bush Dynasty, then I had to beat the Clinton Dynasty, and now I…
I’ve had to beat 17 very talented people including the Bush Dynasty, then I had to beat the Clinton Dynasty, and now I have to beat a phony Witch Hunt and all of the dishonest people covered in the IG Report...and never forget the Fake News Media. It never ends!
 .jasoninthehouse: All of this started because Hillary Clinton set up her private server 
FBI Agent Peter Strzok, who headed the Clinton and Russia investigations, texted to his lover Lisa Page, in the IG Report, that “we’ll stop” candidate Trump from becoming President. Doesn’t get any lower than that!
....Schneiderman, who ran the Clinton campaign in New York, never had the guts to bring this ridiculous case, which lingered in their office for almost 2 years. Now he resigned his office in disgrace, and his disciples brought it when we would not settle.
Mark Penn  “Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff? Why is there an Independent Counsel? To go after people and their families for unrelated offenses...Constitution was set up to prevent this...Stormtrooper tactics almost.” A disgrace!
Mark Penn  “Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff? Why is there an Independent Councel? To go after people and their families for unrelated offenses...Constitution was set up to prevent this...Stormtrooper tactics almost.” A disgrace!
....“$17 million spent, it’s a scam Investigation. Americans are being worked. We now know there was Russian collusion, with Russians and the Democrats. The Mueller team is stacked with anti-Trumpers, who actually represented Clinton people (and gave $’s to Crooked H).” Dan Bongino
The soon to be released book, “The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton And Frame Donald Trump,” written by Gregg Jarrett, looks like a real deal big hit. The Phony Witch Hunt will be opened up for the world to see! Out in 5 weeks.
Sorry, I’ve got to start focusing my energy on North Korea Nuclear, bad Trade Deals, VA Choice, the Economy, rebuilding the Military, and so much more, and not on the Rigged Russia Witch Hunt that should be investigating Clinton/Russia/FBI/Justice/Obama/Comey/Lynch etc.
Why aren’t the 13 Angry and heavily conflicted Democrats investigating the totally Crooked Campaign of totally Crooked Hillary Clinton. It’s a Rigged Witch Hunt, that’s why! Ask them if they enjoyed her after election celebration!
Why didn’t the 13 Angry Democrats investigate the campaign of Crooked Hillary Clinton, many crimes, much Collusion with Russia? Why didn’t the FBI take the Server from the DNC?  Rigged Investigation!
...in the Hillary Clinton Campaign where she deleted 33,000 Emails, got $145,000,000 while Secretary of State, paid Mc Cabes wife $700,000 (and got off the FBI hook along with Terry M) and so much more. Republicans and real Americans should start getting tough on this Scam.
Things are really getting ridiculous. The Failing and Crooked (but not as Crooked as Hillary Clinton) nytimes has done a long and boring story indicating that the World’s most expensive Witch Hunt has found nothing on Russia and me so now they are looking at the rest of the World!
Why isn’t disgraced FBI official Andrew Mc Cabe being investigated for the $700,000 Crooked Hillary Democrats in Virginia, led by Clinton best friend Terry M (under FBI investigation that they killed) gave to Mc Cabe’s wife in her run for office? Then dropped case on Clinton!
NEW BOOK - A MUST READ! “The Russia Hoax - The Illicit Scheme to Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump” by the brilliant Fox News Legal Analyst Gregg Jarrett. A sad chapter for law enforcement. A rigged system!
Just Out: House Intelligence Committee Report released. “No evidence” that the Trump Campaign “colluded, coordinated or conspired with Russia.” Clinton Campaign paid for Opposition Research obtained from Russia- Wow! A total Witch Hunt! MUST END NOW!
“GOP Lawmakers asking Sessions to Investigate Comey and Hillary Clinton.” Fox News   Good luck with that request!
James Comey’s Memos are Classified, I did not Declassify them. They belong to our Government! Therefore, he broke the law! Additionally, he totally made up many of the things he said I said, and he is already a proven liar and leaker. Where are Memos on Clinton, Lynch and others?
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI, the Debbie Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI, the Wendy Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.
Unbelievably, James Comey states that Polls, where Crooked Hillary was leading, were a factor in the handling (stupidly) of the Clinton Email probe. In other words, he was making decisions based on the fact that he thought she was going to win, and he wanted a job. Slimeball!
....untruthful slime ball who was, as time has proven, a terrible Director of the FBI. His handling of the Crooked Hillary Clinton case, and the events surrounding it, will go down as one of the worst “botch jobs” of history. It was my great honor to fire James Comey!
I have agreed with the historically cooperative, disciplined approach that we have engaged in with Robert Mueller (Unlike the Clintons!). I have full confidence in Ty Cobb, my Special Counsel, and have been fully advised throughout each phase of this process.
Lawmakers of the House Judiciary Committee are angrily accusing the Department of Justice of missing the Thursday Deadline for turning over UNREDACTED Documents relating to FISA abuse, FBI, Comey, Lynch, Mc Cabe, Clinton Emails and much more. Slow walking - what is going on? BAD!
.....They can help solve problems with North Korea, Syria, Ukraine, ISIS, Iran and even the coming Arms Race. Bush tried to get along, but didn’t have the “smarts.” Obama and Clinton tried, but didn’t have the energy or chemistry (remember RESET). PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH!
“He’s got a very good point. Somebody in the Justice Department has a treasure trove of evidence of Mrs. Clinton’s criminality at her own hands, or through others, that ought to be investigated. I fully agree with the President on that.” judgenapolitano on marthamaccallum Show
Dem Memo: FBI did not disclose who the clients were - the Clinton Campaign and the DNC. Wow!
Now that Adam Schiff is starting to blame President Obama for Russian meddling in the election, he is probably doing so as yet another excuse that the Democrats, lead by their fearless leader, Crooked Hillary Clinton, lost the 2016 election. But wasn’t I a great candidate?
“My view is that not only has Trump been vindicated in the last several weeks about the mishandling of the Dossier and the lies about the Clinton/DNC Dossier, it shows that he’s been victimized. He’s been victimized by the Obama Administration who were using all sorts of.......
“The four page memo released Friday reports the disturbing fact about how the FBI and FISA appear to have been used to influence the 2016 election and its aftermath....The FBI failed to inform the FISA court that the Clinton campaign had funded the dossier....the FBI became....
“You had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to GPS Fusion to create a Dossier which was used by their allies in the Obama Administration to convince a Court misleadingly, by all accounts, to spy on the Trump Team.” Tom Fitton, JW
Disproven and paid for by Democrats “Dossier used to spy on Trump Campaign. Did FBI use Intel tool to influence the Election?” foxandfriends  Did Dems or Clinton also pay Russians? Where are hidden and smashed DNC servers? Where are Crooked Hillary Emails?  What a mess!
...Clinton in the WH, doubling down on Barack Obama’s failed policies, washes away any doubts that America made the right choice. This was truly a change election — and the changes Trump is bringing are far-reaching and necessary.” Thank you Michael Goodwin! 
“His is turning out to be an enormously consequential presidency. So much so that, despite my own frustration over his missteps, there has never been a day when I wished Hillary Clinton were president. Not one. Indeed, as Trump’s accomplishments accumulate, the mere thought of...
....Actually, throughout my life, my two greatest assets have been mental stability and being, like, really smart. Crooked Hillary Clinton also played these cards very hard and, as everyone knows, went down in flames. I went from VERY successful businessman, to top T.V. Star.....
Well, now that collusion with Russia is proving to be a total hoax and the only collusion is with Hillary Clinton and the FBI/Russia, the Fake News Media (Mainstream) and this phony new book are hitting out at every new front imaginable. They should try winning an election. Sad!
Crooked Hillary Clinton’s top aid, Huma Abedin, has been accused of disregarding basic security protocols. She put Classified Passwords into the hands of foreign agents. Remember sailors pictures on submarine? Jail! Deep State Justice Dept must finally act? Also on Comey and others
WOW, foxandfrlends  “Dossier is bogus. Clinton Campaign, DNC funded Dossier. FBI CANNOT (after all of this time) VERIFY CLAIMS IN DOSSIER OF RUSSIA/TRUMP COLLUSION. FBI TAINTED.” And they used this Crooked Hillary pile of garbage as the basis for going after the Trump Campaign!
.Fox News-FBI’s Andrew Mc Cabe, “in addition to his wife getting all of this money from M (Clinton Puppet), he was using, allegedly, his FBI Official Email Account to promote her campaign. You obviously cannot do this. These were the people who were investigating Hillary Clinton.”
How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew Mc Cabe, the man in charge, along with leakin’ James Comey, of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation (including her 33,000 illegally deleted emails) be given $700,000 for wife’s campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation?
Report: “ANTI-TRUMP FBI AGENT LED CLINTON EMAIL PROBE”  Now it all starts to make sense!
After years of Comey, with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation (and more), running the FBI, its reputation is in Tatters - worst in History! But fear not, we will bring it back to greatness.
Tainted (no, very dishonest?) FBI “agent’s role in Clinton probe under review.” Led Clinton Email probe. foxandfriends  Clinton money going to wife of another FBI agent in charge.
 Wray needs to clean house. Now we know the politicization even worse than Mc Cabe's ties to Mc Auliffe/Clinton. It also infe…
So General Flynn lies to the FBI and his life is destroyed, while Crooked Hillary Clinton, on that now famous FBI holiday “interrogation” with no swearing in and no recording, lies many times...and nothing happens to her? Rigged system, or just a double standard?
Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time. She just can’t stop, which is so good for the Republican Party. Hillary, get on with your life and give it another try in three years!
Does the Fake News Media remember when Crooked Hillary Clinton, as Secretary of State, was begging Russia to be our friend with the misspelled reset button? Obama tried also, but he had zero chemistry with Putin.
Pocahontas just stated that the Democrats, lead by the legendary Crooked Hillary Clinton, rigged the Primaries! Lets go FBI and Justice Dept.
...are now fighting back like never before. There is so much GUILT by Democrats/Clinton, and now the facts are pouring out. DO SOMETHING!
Never seen such Republican ANGER and UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier (now $12,000,000?),....
"Clinton campaign and DNC paid for research that led to the anti-Trump Fake News Dossier. The victim here is the President." Fox News
Crooked Hillary Clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on Presidential Election than I did. Facebook was on her side, not mine!
.foxandfriends "Russia sent millions to Clinton Foundation"
Uranium deal to Russia, with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge, is the biggest story that Fake Media doesn't want to follow!
As it has turned out, James Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton. He was the best thing that ever happened to her!
...people not interviewed, including Clinton herself. Comey stated under oath that he didn't do this-obviously a fix? Where is Justice Dept?
Wow, FBI confirms report that James Comey drafted letter exonerating  Crooked Hillary Clinton long before investigation was complete. Many..
I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020? My answer was, "I hope so!"
Being nice to Rocket Man hasn't worked in 25 years, why would it work now? Clinton failed, Bush failed, and Obama failed. I won't fail.
The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media "screaming" for Crooked Hillary Clinton. Next, she was a bad candidate!
 real Donald Trump It is the height of hypocrisy. Obama and Clinton in effect gave nuclear weapons to North Korea by thei…
Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody (and every thing) but herself for her election loss. She lost the debates and lost her direction!
Wow, looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over...and so much more. A rigged system!
I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service. He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great! Thanks S
E-mails show that the Amazon Washington Post and the Failing New York Times were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane.
 "What's a high priced Clinton attorney doing representing a low level IT staffer for the Democrats?"  -jessebwatters on t…
 Emails show Washington Post, New York Times reporters unenthusiastic about covering Clinton-Lynch meeting …
...big dollars ($700,000) for his wife's political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives. Drain the Swamp!
Why didn't A.G. Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew Mc Cabe, a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got....
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails and DNC server) and Intel leakers!
Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign - "quietly working to boost Clinton." So where is the investigation A.G. seanhannity
My son Donald openly gave his e-mails to the media and authorities whereas Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted (and acid washed) her 33,000 e-mails!
...What about all of the Clinton ties to Russia, including Podesta Company, Uranium deal, Russian Reset, big dollar speeches etc.
So many people are asking why isn't the A.G. or Special Council looking at the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes. 33,000 e-mails deleted?
Hillary Clinton can illegally get the questions to the Debate and delete 33,000 emails but my son Don is being scorned by the Fake News Media?
Why aren't the same standards placed on the Democrats. Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with. Disgraceful!
If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her mother,as her mother gave our country away, the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES!
 Another Dem 'queasy' over claim of Loretta Lynch meddling in Clinton case 
The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win..
Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie!
Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at, but my non-dealings are?
A.G. Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes...gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. Totally illegal!
Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself, refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. Hits Facebook and even Dems and DNC.
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign and Obama Administration, there was never a special counsel appointed!
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign and Obama Administration, there was never a special councel appointed!
FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony...
Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!
Why doesn't Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered by Fox News or money from Russia to Clinton - sale of  Uranium?
What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?
The race for DNC Chairman was, of course, totally "rigged." Bernie's guy, like Bernie himself, never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez!
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.
What are Hillary Clinton's people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had she should never.....
People must remember that Obama Care just doesn't work, and it is not affordable - 116% increases (Arizona). Bill Clinton called it "CRAZY"
Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong, he called me (with a very nice congratulations). He "doesn't know much" ...
I thought that CNN would get better after they failed so badly in their support of Hillary Clinton however, since election, they are worse!
.CNN is so embarrassed by their total  (100%) support of Hillary Clinton, and yet her loss in a landslide, that they don't know what to do.
Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change
Top Clinton Aides Bemoan Campaign ‘All Tactics,’ No Vision: 
‘Must Act Immediately’: Clinton Charity Lawyer Told Execs They Were Breaking The Law 
Clinton Aides: ‘Definitely’ Not Releasing Some HRC Emails: 
 Mrs. Saucier's son is in prison for having classified info on an unsecured device. Hillary Clinton did FAR WORSE and is runnin…
"The Clinton Campaign at Obama Justice" Drain The Swamp 
 .CBSNews confirms FBI found emails on Anthony Weiner computer, related to Hillary Clinton server, that are "new" and not p…
Obama Care is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesn't work, I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!
Clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters Clinton planned to betray labor on TPP post-election:  
"It pays to have friends in high places- like the Justice Department. Clearly the Clintons do."  Drain The Swamp! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system!
Wiki Leaks emails reveal Podesta urging Clinton camp to 'dump' emails.  Time to Drain The Swamp! 
'Podesta urged Clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged' 
'Kept me out of jail': Top DOJ official involved in Clinton probe represented her campaign chairman: 
'Hillary's Two Official Favors To Morocco Resulted In $28 Million For Clinton Foundation' Drain The Swamp 
Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!
"piersmorgan: BOMBSHELL: FBI reopening its investigation into Hillary Clinton's email server after new discovery!
Just out: Neera Tanden, Hillary Clinton adviser said, “Israel is depressing.” I think Israel is inspiring!
 WSJ:  The Cold Clinton Reality... 
Inside ‘Bill Clinton Inc.’: Hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income. Drain The Swamp! 
"Clinton Foundation’s Fundraisers Pressed Donors to Steer Business to Former President" 
Ron Fournier: "Clinton Used Secret Server To Protect Circle Of Enrichment” 
'Wiki Leaks Drip-Drop Releases Prove One Thing: There's No Nov. 8 Deadline on Clinton's Dishonesty and Scandals' 
As election looms, some bad news for Clinton, Democrats: 
Peter Navarro: 'Trump the Bull vs. Clinton the Bear' Drain The Swamp  
'Hillary Clinton Had Gun Control Supporters Planted In Town Hall Audience' 
'The Clinton Foundation’s Most Questionable Foreign Donations' Pay To Play Drain The Swamp 
Get out to VOTE on 11/8/2016- and we will Drain The Swamp! RASMUSSEN NATIONAL  Trump 43% Clinton 41% 
Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on Wiki Leaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!
'Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Official’s Wife' 
'Clinton Charity Got Up To $56 Million From Nations That Are Anti-Women, Gays' Crooked Hillary 
Former Prosecutor: The Clintons Are So Corrupt, Everything ‘They Touch Turns To Molten Lead’  
"If you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the White House" A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary Clinton
Wiki Leaks: 'Clinton-Kaine Even Lied About Timing of Veep Pick' 
'Huma Abedin told Clinton her secret email account caused problems' 
Hillary Clinton: 'Architect of failure' Drain The Swamp Crooked Hillary 
Crooked Hillary Clinton Tops Middle East Forum’s ‘Islamist Money List' 
Wiki Leaks reveals Clinton camp’s work with ‘VERY friendly and malleable reporters’  Drain The Swamp Crooked Hillary 
"{Crooked Hillary Clinton} created this mess, and she knows it."  Drain The Swamp  
'Clinton Campaign And Harry Reid Worked With New York Times To Smear State Dept Watchdog' Time to Drain The Swamp!  
VERY IRONIC: "In 2010 video, Clinton lectured underlings on cybersecurity and guarding ‘sensitive information’"  
A top Clinton Foundation official said he could name “500 different examples” of conflicts of interest.  
Crooked Hillary “was at center of negotiating $12M commitment from King Mohammed VI of Morocco” to Clinton Fdn. 
Why didn't Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary.
Thank you America! MAGA  Rasmussen National Poll Donald Trump 43% Hillary Clinton 40% 
The Washington Times Presidential Debate Poll: TRUMP 77% (18,290) CLINTON 17% (4,100) Drain The Swamp Debate 
ISIS has infiltrated countries all over Europe by posing as refugees, and Hillary Clinton will allow it to happen h… 
After Crooked Hillary Clinton allowed ISIS to rise, she now claims she'll defeat them? LAUGHABLE! Here's my plan: 
What They Are Saying About real Donald Trump's GREAT Debate and Hillary Clinton's Bad Performance… 
You should give the money back Hillary Clinton! Drain The Swamp 
LIVE FACT-CHECK: Trump's RIGHT. The Clinton Foundation has taken MILLIONS from the Middle East. Drain The Swamp 
Crooked Hillary Clinton's foundation is a CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE. Time to Drain The Swamp!   Big League Truth Debate
.Hillary Clinton loves to lie. America has had enough of the CLINTON'S! It is time to Drain The Swamp! Debates 
Brought to you by Hillary Clinton and her campaign- in Chicago, Illinois.  Big League Truth Drain The Swamp 
.Hillary Clinton has been doing this for THIRTY YEARS....where has she been? Big League Truth
.Hillary Clinton's tax hikes will CRUSH our economy. I will cut taxes -- BIG LEAGUE.  
.Hillary Clinton talking about jobs? Remember what she promised upstate New York. Big League Truth Debates 
.Hillary Clinton has been a foreign policy DISASTER for the American people. I will Make America Strong Again Debate… 
.Hillary Clinton- you have failed, failed, and failed. Big League Truth Time to Drain The Swamp! 
TRUMP and CLINTON ON IMMIGRATION Debate Big League Truth 
Hillary Clinton will use American tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals. I will put… 
.Hillary Clinton lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights. 2A will not survive a Hillary presidency. Debate Big League Truth
Hillary Clinton wants to create the most liberal Supreme Court in history debate Drain The Swamp 
UNBELIEVABLE! Clinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited White House 342 times: 
'Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails With Her Email Server Technician' 
'State works hard, and illegally, for Clinton' Drain The Swamp 
'Scandals surround Clinton's gatekeeper at State' Drain The Swamp 
More Anti-Catholic Emails From Team Clinton:  
‘Food Groups’ – Emails Show Clinton Campaign Organized Potential VPs By Race And Gender: 
'Clinton Campaign Tried to Limit Damage From Classified Info on Email Server' Drain The Swamp  
'Trump rally disrupter was once on Clinton's payroll' 
EXCLUSIVE: FBI Agents Say Comey ‘Stood In The Way’ Of Clinton Email Investigation: 
Get rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clinton's pay to play guide: 
"Journalists shower Hillary Clinton with campaign cash"  
"State Department official accused of offering 'quid pro quo' in Clinton email scandal" 
Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?
🚨BREAKING🚨: "State Department's Kennedy pressured FBI to unclassify Clinton emails: FBI documents" 
Wiki Leaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info, but no one gets charged? RIGGED! 
Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning NCGOP
Finally, in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!
The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan, always fighting the Republican nominee!
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!
Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election
100% fabricated and made-up charges, pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign, may poison the minds of the American Voter. FIX!
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN’S ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY:  
Great event in Columbus- taking off for Cincinnati now. Great new Ohio poll out- thank you! OHIO NBC/WSJ/MARIST POLL Trump 42%  Clinton 41%
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?
Wow, CNN Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders. Hillary and CNN FRAUD!
I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by Wiki Leaks. She is unfit to run.
Hypocrite: Hillary Clinton is the single biggest beneficiary of Citizens United in history, by far. debate bigleaguetruth
 After a decent first debate, Hillary Clinton is back to form: pedantic, lawyerly, technocratic, (woefully untruthful) r…
We agree POTUS-  "SHE'LL (Hillary Clinton) SAY ANYTHING and CHANGE NOTHING. IT'S TIME TO TURN THE PAGE" -President Obama
If Hillary Clinton is president, she’ll be all talk and nothing will get done. Debate Big League Truth
 .Hillary Clinton had her chance and she BLEW IT. Big League Truth Debates 
 Is real Donald Trump debating Crooked Hillary Clinton or the moderators, AC360 and Martha Raddatz? rattledhillary
Here are Hillary Clinton's "accomplishments" at the State Department. Debates2016 Rattled Hillary 
 .Hillary Clinton is RAISING your taxes to a disastrous level. real Donald Trump is going to LOWER your taxes - BIG LEAGUE! D…
History lesson: There’s a big difference between Hillary Clinton and Abraham Lincoln. For one, his nickname is Hone… 
"YOU NEED BOTH A PUBLIC AND A PRIVATE POSITION" Hillary Clinton Debates2016 
Hypocrite! Hillary Clinton claims she needs a “public and a private stance” in discussions with Wall Street banks. Debate
.Hillary Clinton - ITS CALLED EXTREME VETTING! Debates2016 
.Hillary Clinton ICYMI- "WE ARE NOT IN A NARRATIVE FIGHT." Mike_Pence MAGA 
 ONLY real Donald Trump will end what even Bill Clinton called a CRAZY SYSTEM. Big League Truth Debate 
 ATTN: Hillary Clinton - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! Big League Truth Debates
.Hillary Clinton is NOT above the law! Debates2016 
.Hillary Clinton : Bill “clarified” what he meant when calling Obamacare a “disaster.” Actually “disaster” is pretty clear. Debate
Obama and Clinton told the same lie to sell Obama Care. Debates2016 
ATTN: Hillary Clinton - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! Big League Truth Debates
 RT if you believe Hillary Clinton is the one who owes America an apology! Big League Truth Debates 
There’s never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton.My words were unfortunate-the Clintons’ actions were far worse
 Quite simply, Hillary Clinton mistreats women. Big League Truth Debate2016  
 .Hillary Clinton just claimed she has a "positive, optimistic view" for America. Debates 
EXCLUSIVE — Video Interview: Bill Clinton Accuser Juanita Broaddrick Relives Brutal Rapes: 
Bill Clinton is right: Obamacare is 'crazy', 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'.  Thanks Bill for telling the truth.
 RT if you agree - Hillary Clinton and timkaine are WRONG for America! VPDebate MAGA 
Clinton’s Top Aides Were Mired In Conflict Of Interest At The State Department:  VPDebate Big League Truth
"FLifeforce: _CFJ_ vine That is a reason to NOT Vote for Hillary Clinton. Vote for Liberty! Vote for real Donald Trump"
.Hillary Clinton’s Careless Use Of A Secret Server Put National Security At Risk:  VPDebate Big League Truth
CLINTON IS WEAK ON NORTH KOREA:  VPDebate
 Obama-Clinton FAILED foreign policy: -Bad nuclear deal -Ransom payment to leading state sponsor of terror -Sharing classifie…
 .Hillary Clinton and timkaine think you're Deplorables and Basement Dwellers. real Donald Trump and mike_pence think you're PATR…
CLINTON’S CLOSE TIES TO PUTIN DESERVE SCRUTINY:  VPDebate
Sanctions Relief From Clinton-Obama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to Terrorists:  Big League Truth VPDebate
CLINTON’S FLAILING SYRIA POLICY WAS JUDGED A FAILURE:  VPDebate
.Hillary Clinton Sneers At Millions Of Average Americans.   VPDebate Big League Truth
 .timkaine has a pay-to-play problem just like Crooked Hillary Clinton VPDebates Big League Truth 
 Pence is right. Clinton and Obama tried to negotiate an Iraq troop extension but failed. Bush admin always anticipated such an…
Wow, did you just hear Bill Clinton's statement on how bad Obama Care is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE!
Wow, did you see how badly CNN (Clinton News Network) is doing in the ratings. With people like donlemon, who could expect any more?
Hillary Clinton's Campaign Continues To Make False Claims About Foundation Disclosure:  
'True blue-collar billionaire Donald Trump shows Hillary Clinton is out of touch' 
.DRUDGE_REPORT's First Presidential Debate Poll: Trump: 80% Clinton: 20% Join the MOVEMENT today and lets MAGA!… 
Thank you! CNBC Debate Night poll with over 400,000 votes.  Trump 61% Clinton 39% America First Im With You… 
.Hillary Clinton’s Nuclear Agreement Paved The Way For The $400 Million Ransom Payment Debate Night 
Nothing on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on Benghazi. Debates2016 debatenight
.Hillary Clinton - Obama ISIS Strategy Has Allowed It To Expand To Become A Global Threat Debate Night 
 .real Donald Trump calling out Hillary Clinton's support for NAFTA = most searched moment during tonight's debate. Debates20…
Russia has more warheads than ever, N Korea is testing nukes, and Iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs. Thanks, Hillary Clinton.
Hillary Clinton failed all over the world.  ❌LIBYA ❌SYRIA ❌IRAN ❌IRAQ ❌ASIA PIVOT ❌RUSSIAN RESET ❌BENGHAZI… 
 100% TRUE --&gt; real Donald Trump is right - Hillary Clinton did call TPP ‘the gold standard’ Debates2016  …
Hillary Clinton is the only candidate on stage who voted for the Iraq War. Debates2016 MAGA 
.Hillary Clinton's 2008 Campaign And Supporters Trafficked In Rumors About Obama's Heritage Debate Night  
This is the simple fact about Hillary Clinton: she is a typical politician - all talk, no action. Debates2016
A Clinton economy = more taxes and more spending! Debate Night 
.Hillary Clinton has been part of the rigged DC system for 30 years? Why would we take policy advice from her? Debates2016
.Hillary Clinton channels John Kerry on trade: she was for bad trade deals before she was against them. TPP Debates2016
.Hillary Clinton and Obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 years
Why isn't Hillary Clinton 50 points ahead? Debate Night 
 Polls showing real Donald Trump surging, hillaryclinton slipping, have HER camp on defense/lowering expectations, goi…
Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade, a lot!
Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had, including Never Trump, all farmers and sm. biz, by saying she’ll tax estates at 65%.
Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!
Philly FOP Chief On Presidential Endorsement: Clinton ‘Blew The Police Off' 
Hillary Clinton's weakness while she was Secretary of State, has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont: 
Under the leadership of Obama and Clinton, Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!
Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?
Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!
Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham, Romney, Flake, Sass. SUPREME COURT, REMEMBER!
Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!
.CNN is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. They are a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the Clinton campaign.
Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as POTUS.
"A rough night for Hillary Clinton"  ABC News.
'Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military, veteran voters: poll' America First MAGA 
Lyin' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the "C" markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening?
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or the stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! America First 
Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana, and now she didn't go to Mexico. She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 REUTERS POLL:  CLINTON, TRUMP ALL TIED UP... 
 Poll: real Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton among white Evangelicals. 
Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat: 
"Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails Using Program Intended To Prevent Recovery" Crooked Hillary 
The Clinton's are the real predators... 
"Hillary Clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign." Flashback Friday 
"Donald JTrump Jr: Company Gouging Price Of Epi Pens Is A Clinton Foundation Donor And Partner  via dailycaller"
"foxnation: Flashback: Hillary Clinton Praised Former KKK Member Robert Byrd as 'Friend and Mentor': "
CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES.  Full speech transcript: 
Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy, and always very short (stamina). Media gives her a pass!
Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!
Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!
Hillary Clinton strongly stated  that there was "absolutely no connection" between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!
Statement on Clinton Foundation: 
A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty, high crime, and lost opportunities. Im With You 
'It's just a 2-point race, Clinton 38%, Trump 36%' 
"CLINTON REFUGEE PLAN COULD BRING IN 620,000 REFUGEES IN FIRST TERM AT LIFETIME COST OF OVER $400 BILLION." 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!
ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!
A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!
Ratings challenged CNN reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) "the founder" of ISIS, and MVP. THEY DON'T GET SARCASM?
"elsolarverde: THE CORRUPT MEDIA CREATS CONTROVERSY AGAINST real Donald Trump TO AVOID ISSUES ABOUT Hillary Clinton "
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! 
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!
 .Real Donald Trump is right. If Hillary Clinton gets to pick her anti-2A SCOTUS judges, there’s nothing we can do. Never Hillary
'As Senator Clinton promised 200,000 jobs in Upstate New York - her efforts fell flat.'  
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.
Michael Morell, the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total Clinton flunky!
 CLINTON EMAIL LED TO EXECUTION IN IRAN? 
I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!
Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!
DON'T LET HILLARY CLINTON DO IT AGAIN! Trump Pence16 
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again!  
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! 
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! 
Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President. 
Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal!
Report raises questions about ‘Clinton Cash’ from Russians during ‘reset' 
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays and refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100% owned by her donors. Im With You MAGA 
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.
"Real James Woods:  Without absolutely OWNING the liberal media, Hillary Clinton wouldn't stand a chance. Voter Fraud and MSM her only hope."
Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP  32.2 MILLION.  CLINTON 27.8 MILLION.  Thank you!
The "Rust Belt" was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!
We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.
Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement and insticts.
What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton. 
In Hillary Clinton's America - things get worse. Trump Pence16 
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!
Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and "forgot" to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!
The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. CNN and the little watched Morning_Joe = SAD!
No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.
Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.
A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP, NAFTA, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees.
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!
Just like I have warned from the beginning, Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP.  
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time.
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP, is in pocket of Wall Street, and backed Iraq War.
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her "servant" was doing at the DNC - they just got caught, that's all! They laughed at Bernie.
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS and all others laughing!
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA.
The ratings at Fox News blow away the ratings of CNN - not even close. That's because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like
As the days and weeks go by,  we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!
Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton!  
Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton!  
Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street, lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes, Crooked Hillary Clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.
Bernie Sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!
Isn't it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on CNN?
I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes, Mark Halperin NBCPolitics
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center, Airport - and destroyed City
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch, her time will come!
The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges, but... 
Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team "were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information." Not fit!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is "guilty as hell" but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33,000 missing e-mails?
The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting "go away, no pictures."
Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. talked only about "grandkids" and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged and corrupt!
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know.
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said, the system is totally rigged!
It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!
 Reminder: last year, Clinton pledged she had turned over all work-related email under penalty of perjury ⬇️ 
Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?
Bill Clinton's meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter.
As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!
Hillary Clinton’s Presidency would be catastrophic for the future of our country. She is ill-fit with bad judgment.
Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It just never seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton.
"kridan1: Canceled cable - sick of their bad coverage of you and the fawning over Clinton ... Listened to your great speech on You Tube"
Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent, just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune, I am spending very little. Close in polls!
Top 50 Facts About Crooked Hillary Clinton From Trump 'Stakes Of The Election' Address: 
Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who called BREXIT 100% wrong (along with Obama), is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call.
Meet the amazing mother whose letter I read during my speech. She lost her son to policies supported by Clinton. 
Here is another CNN lie. The Clinton News Network is losing all credibility. I’m not watching it much anymore.  
CNN, which is totally biased in favor of Clinton, should apologize. They knew they were wrong.  
On immigration, I’m consulting with our immigration officers and our wage-earners. Hillary Clinton is consulting with Wall Street.
Obama and Clinton should stop meeting with special interests, and start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration.
Hillary Clinton’s open borders are tearing American families apart. I am going to make our country Safe Again for all Americans. Imwithyou
ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama."  --  Donald J. Trump
"Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency."  --   Donald J. Trump
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been "disqualifying."
If you want to know about Hillary Clinton's honesty and judgment, ask the family of Ambassador Stevens.
Obama-Clinton inherited $10T in debt and turned it into nearly $20T.  They have bankrupted… 
Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe.
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% as Secretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs.
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!
"bfraser747: Watch out Hillary Clinton 👿 Support real Donald Trump 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 Make America Great Again 🇺🇸 "
The trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies Clinton supports. I will fix it fast- JOBS! 
Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation- cont'd: 
Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!
I rarely agree with President Obama- however he is 100% correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great ad! 
2004 VIDEO: Pocahontas describing Crooked Hillary Clinton as a Corporate Donor Puppet. Time for change! Trump2016  
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs, the economy, trade, healthcare, the military, guns and just about all else. Obama plus!
I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents, she had one!
A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC and VIOLENT. Bad temperament for pres
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!
Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change!
The Clinton News Network, sometimes referred to as CNN, is getting more and more biased.They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors
"angeloftruth11: Clinton says Trump is dangerous. Who's the one who killed 4 Americans in Benghazi?  "
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions.
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC.
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!
The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H.
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it
Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs. Most importantly, she suffers from plain old bad judgement!
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!
 BREAKING POLL: Trump Gains 11 Points on Clinton Since March=&gt; Now Leads Crooked Hillary 46-44  vi…
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!
Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!
Crooked Hillary Clinton- discussing the Second Amendment at a private event. 2A cc: NRA 
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!
I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is "not qualified" to be president because she has "very bad judgement" - Bernie said the same thing!
Why did Clinton supporter Alison For KY declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasn't even called the race?
Paul Begala, the dopey CNN flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC, has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me.
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!
"HFFoundation4: real Donald Trump One thing we know for sure Bernie Sanders supporters will turn to Trump - absolutely not Hillary Clinton"
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China
Wow, 30,000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?
Why doesn't the failing nytimes write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest!
If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie, how is she going to take on China, Russia, ISIS and all of the others?
 LOUISIANA GENERAL ELECTION Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton Make America Great Again Trump2016 
 OHIO GENERAL ELECTION Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton Make America Great Again Trump2016 
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me and I can’t tell the truth about her husband? Don’t feel sorry for crooked Hillary!
If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton, I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beat—she had one!
"Valdosta_Monkey: Chris Cuomo real Donald Trump  Is Chris serious, lying or misinformed? Bill Clinton signed NAFTA "
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton’s flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American.
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton, who wants to destroy all miners, I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs!
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!
I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton on 11/8/2016. Trump2016 Make America Great Again 
Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to "dealing with men who get off the reservation." Actually, she has done poorly with such men!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all time great enablers!
Lyin' Ted Cruz, who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory, has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effort
 DEAD HEAT: CLINTON VS TRUMP 
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun!
"Trump_Supporter: "Trump Holds 66% Favorable Rating in New York – Leads Hillary Clinton by 19pts in Empire... 
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability, I can go along with that!
Don't believe the Fox News Polls, they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election.
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE, I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!
"Debra Rakestraw:  You have over 2M followers more than than Hillary Clinton. This says something about how America feels. Trump2016 🇺🇸"
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!
Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
Who should star in a reboot of Liar Liar- Hillary Clinton or Ted Cruz? Let me know. 
.WSJ Editorial says "Clinton primary vote total is 8,646,551.Trump's is 7,533,692"-a knock. But she had only 3 opponents-I had 16.Apologize
"Fox Business: .Rep Tom Marino: I think real Donald Trump can beat Hillary Clinton. And I'm looking forward to Trump being president.
It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!
 I endorse real Donald Trump. It’s time to unite behind the candidate who will beat Hillary Clinton and return government …
I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney, who doesn't know how to win. Hillary wants no part of "Trump"
Ted Cruz is lying again. Polls are showing that I do beat Hillary Clinton head to head. Check out  Poll snd Q Poll.
How can Jeb Bush beat Hillary Clinton- if he can't beat anyone else on the GOPDebate stage with $150M? I am the only one who can!
Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material!
The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum, how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president?
Thank you! Mitchell FOX2 Michigan Poll finds Trump holds 3-1 lead over closest GOP opponents.  Trump 47% Clinton 43% 
"real Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton leading POLLS w/ one week until Iowa Caucus ...MORE on the 2016 elections TONIGHT on Fox Business 7PM"
Failing Glenn Beck lost all credibility. Not only was he fired  FOX, he would have voted for Clinton over Mc Cain. 
"ameriflames: real Donald Trump CLewandowski_ no one wants a Bush or a Clinton, they want a straight shooter like TRUMP!"
Numerous polls have me beating Hillary Clinton. In a race with her, voter turnout will be the highest in U.S. history-I get most new voters!
In the just out Fox News Poll, I easily beat Hillary Clinton - and I havn't even focused on her yet. On our way: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Does anybody remember when Bill Clinton, in 2008, worked long and hard for Hillary? She LOST! Now Bill is at it again. Just watch.
Hillary Clinton lied last week when she said ISIS made a D.T. video. The video that ISIS made was about her husband being a degenerate.
"Granite_Hope: brandonstinney How can you deny this fact.Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama are the two people who made ISIS a big problem"
I hope Bill Clinton starts talking about women's issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how Hillary abused those women!
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or stamina to be president. Jeb Bush is a low energy individual, but Hillary is not much better!
Hillary Clinton said that it is O.K. to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL, but not O.K. to do so in the U.S. We must be vigilant!
The person that Hillary Clinton least wants to run against is, by far, me. It will be the largest voter turnout ever - she will be swamped!
Remember that Bill Clinton was brought in to help Hillary against Obama in 2008. He was terrible, failed badly, and was called a racist!
"umakemeill: Fox News Jeb Bush Hillary Clinton real Donald Trump "
Hillary Clinton has announced that she is letting her husband out to campaign but HE'S DEMONSTRATED A PENCHANT FOR SEXISM, so inappropriate!
Next year will be an interesting one. I look forward to running against Hillary Clinton, a totally flawed candidate, and beating her soundly
The Hillary Clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. Be careful Hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card.
When I said that Hillary Clinton got schlonged by Obama, it meant got beaten badly. The media knows this. Often used word in politics!
Do you think that Hillary Clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about "the video" of me being used by ISIS. There is no video.
Just out: TRUMP GOP DEBATE - 18,000,000. CLINTON DEMOCRAT DEBATE - 6,700,000. And they were on major network vs. cable!
I demand an apology from Hillary Clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate. There never was a video.
Hillary Clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no ISIS video of me. Therefore, Hillary LIED at the debate last night. SAD!
Hillary Clinton lied when she said that "ISIS is using video of Donald Trump as a recruiting tool." This was fact checked by Fox News: FALSE
Hillary Clinton is weak and ineffective - no strength, no stamina.
"piersmorgan: Donald Trump vs Hillary Clinton would be the greatest presidential battle in history."
" Haim Saban: Hillary Clinton’s Top Hollywood Donor Demands Racial Profiling of Muslims"   
Hillary Clinton does not have the STRENGTH or STAMINA to be President. We need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!
The last person corrupt Hillary Clinton wants to run against is Donald J. Trump. I'll end up beating her in every state. New Fox Poll-Trump!
"nepafortrump: Cwise Cwise1 iliveamongyou pennybishop16 GOP Team Trump PA WILL TURN PA from Clinton Blue to TRUMP RED! Team WONT STOP
It was recently reported that 3rd rate $ losing Politico is a foil for the Clintons. Questions given to Clinton in advance. No credibility.
Hillary Clinton is weak on illegal immigration, among many other things. She is strong on corruption - corruption is what she's best at!
"jakub_lisa:  Hillary Clinton A Clinton Cannot be trusted!How many x's do we allow them to disgrace this country? No Clinton In WHEver Again"
Great poll numbers all over and beating Hillary Clinton one on one. Thank you!
.Hillary Clinton is weak on illegal immigration and totally incompetent as a manager and leader - no strength or stamina to be POTUS!
"davenorth YV: Does anybody ever realize that Hillary Clinton doesn't make eye contact with anyone, even the camera. That's a sign of lying"
"redletter99: real Donald Trump I absolutely love this, can't wait till u debate Clinton"
"jak00seven: If you like how Hillary Clinton handled Benghazi, then you'll just ♥ her as Commander-in-Chief  Make America Great Again"
Black Lives Matter protesters totally disrupt Hillary Clinton event. She looked lost. This is not what we need with ISIS, CHINA, RUSSIA etc.
"Jack Dix03868724: Arizona polls for Democrats only say they would prefer Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton 60%"
"truthinvest: Chris Christie Hillary Clinton good job for Christie last night.Maybe he will face her 8 yrs from now after real Donald Trump"
"curtismuddog:  Byron York Latest Poll shows Donald Trump winning 70% of Electoral Vote Against Hillary Clinton! "
"Hank Campbell: Democrats seem to be more interested in Donald Trump than Hillary Clinton.
"Tony_Leers: Hillary Clinton is a deceitful career politician, Donald Trump is a no-nonsense billionaire businesses man...pick one.."
"dcexaminer: Rasmussen: real Donald Trump now beats Hillary Clinton 38%-36% nationally  "
Bill Clinton wants to Make America Great Again 
.Hillary Clinton is on the front page of the nytimes waving to 200 people in New Hampshire. My crowd next door was 5,000 people – no pic!
"Obama Tax: After hillaryclinton poor performance, waffling in debates, Teamsters14 should support real Donald Trump"
The hardest thing Clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including Iraq vote, e-mails etc.
Very honored: "Trump Is Tops As Clinton Drops In Connecticut Primaries, Quinnipiac University Poll Finds"      
"DGrant39107133: nathanpaul1975 Clinton may go to jail but is still running for president? 99% of people would be in jail for what she did
"scottferson: .Taran Killam plays a way better fake real Donald Trump than a real Hillary Clinton plays herself nbcsnl"
Just remember, the birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in!
"Dis_labeled Vet: real Donald Trump here is a Clinton insider who admitted Hillary started the whole Obama's a Muslim 
"Press TV: Poll: Trump beats Clinton head-to-head matchup  "  Thank you!
Hillary Clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter I have ever seen. In fact, it wasn't even see through glass, it was black
No more Clintons or Bushes! 
150 Clinton E-mails still contain classified information. More sensitive when she was Sec.of State. This is a very big deal.
Huma Abedin, the top aide to Hillary Clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag Anthony Wiener, was a major security risk as a collector of info
"jp_sitles: real Donald Trump Hillary Clinton: she compared republicans to terrorist but will not call terrorists , terrorists. Oh Me"
"Fox News: .Rub: jorgeramosnews should've disclosed his daughter works for Hillary Clinton and Univision is being sued by real Donald Trump."
"Women4Trump: real Donald Trump Semi Noland Yup. And Clinton's leaked meeting with The Donald because they are skeered of all his support."
"ctmommy: megynkelly Kelly File WTF? You do realize real Donald Trump isn’t the GOP enemy - Hillary Clinton is."
Per rushlimbaugh: Why does Hillary Clinton get the benefit of the doubt (after she DESTROYS her illegal email server) ...
"USARestoring: Hillary Clinton's toast. Dems had better get the"B Team" off the bench. TGowdy SC for Attorney General under President Trump
It's going to take an outsider to clean up after Clinton, Bush and Obama. Let's Make America Great Again! 
I had thousands join me in New Hampshire last night! Hillary Clinton had 68. The Silent Majority is fed up with what is going on in America!
"Britinnv real Donald Trump Would the people of US prefer a liar Hillary Clinton or a man that speaks the truth and facts!! No Brainer hey!"
Response to Hillary Clinton- 
"bdean1468 jlangdale real Donald Trump Hillary Clinton CNN SAY IT LOUD and SAY IT PROUD - - WE WANT TRUMP!!!!!!"
Can you envision Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton negotiating with 'El Chapo', the Mexican drug lord who escaped from prison? ....
Via businessinsider by hunterw: “TRUMP UNLOADS: Hillary Clinton was 'the worst' and is 'extremely bad'” 
"kobuck12: real Donald Trump Donald Trump runs to help America become great again. You know he's not doing it to enrich himself like Clinton
Via trscoop: “Mark Levin DEFENDS Trump: Hillary Clinton is a CROOK and a FRAUD and she’s not treated this way!” 
"Daniela Marino: Fox News enough with Bush Clinton and the same faces every damn year. We need fresh new ppl that r not greedy. U r d one"
"Hillary Clinton Dominates the Pack in Fake Twitter Followers" 
"andrewwagner29: Its pretty clear that real Donald Trump would absolutely destroy Hillary Clinton in a debate and i really wanna see it happen.
Hillary Clinton reaches new low. Trump Vlog 
"Tory Ireland: real Donald Trump ONLY TRUMP2016 has what it takes to STOP Hillary Rodham Clinton! Stop Hillary No Bama 
"cdgrafics: greta real Donald Trump I'd vote for him and his morals are a lot healthier the Bill Clintons. He knows Business and con men."
"STL_Blonde: I believe ... no I KNOW that real Donald Trump would be a better president than Hillary Clinton."
"derbitteractor: real Donald Trump sen. hillary clinton voted for the war"
"davesportsgod: Angie Batlle real Donald Trump Hillary Clinton After Mc Cain and Romney, someone with an actual backbone would be refreshing.
My bostonherald interview on Tom Brady, Hillary Clinton, the Granite State and Making America Great Again! 
"steveman905: real Donald Trump You really need to commit to a presidential run. You can beat Clinton!"  The only one that can!
"Slim Shiny82: Never been more excited for a potential candidate as I am with Donald Trump He is the only person who can beat Hillary Clinton"
"jorgey1_1985: real Donald Trump if you don't run then Hilary Clinton Will WIN and become president, no good candidates on republicans side"
"Andy Bran: foxandfriends all of the Clinton graft is uncovered by a writer? No agency tracks this type of theft?Out of control"
"Jackson_Tweets: real Donald Trump you will cream Hillary Clinton in a debate!" I create jobs and build, but should be able to do just fine!
"AP_Politics: Campaigning in New Hampshire, Hillary Clinton says the US economy has 'stalled out.' "
"Usually Bogey: Without real Donald Trump we will be stuck with Hilary Clinton. Trump2016" I agree.
Trump Vlog Trouble in paradise for Clintons- 
"Mr Met41: rosannascotto Hillary Clinton real Donald Trump The Donald gets things done Trump2016"
"Clinton IYH: If the Republicans are serious about stopping Hillary... They really need to nominate real Donald Trump" I agree!
"pete_is_king: PICA_59 real Donald Trump is he running? If he is Hillary Clinton might as well not even run."
"MKBeattie: real Donald Trump vs Hillary Clinton for the White House would make for awesome debates!" I agree!
"MKBeattie: real Donald Trump vs Hillary Clinton for the White House would make for awesome debates!"
"Purplite: Will it be Hilary Clinton against real Donald Trump ? Come on Donald, everyone's waiting."
"Retume: I would vote real Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton.
"Knuckl Dragin Sam: real Donald Trump Chris_Owens1213 Hillary Clinton Yeah, first question, list your major accomplishments.  Trump4Prez"
"sarzitron: The best part about real Donald Trump running for president will be Hillary Clinton losing. I hate her so much."
"Shane Joseph: Can real Donald Trump please run for president just so I can watch him and Hilary Clinton debate. good TV"
"Chris_Owens1213: I would love to see how upset Hillary Clinton would get if she were in a debate against real Donald Trump.
"Soyer Janis:  real Donald Trump  boris3324 Don't be so insecure because you KNOW Hillary Clinton will lose against Trump
"Jordan Politics: Could it be Hillary Clinton v real Donald Trump for POTUS? Hillary2016 Trump2016"
"johnny4arizona: Dream Debate 4 Election2016 Clinton vs Trump: Trump would be FIRED UP, and Hillary would be NOT HIRED !!! Trump2016"
"Will AA99: real Donald Trump For The Love of The United States of America don't let another Bush or Clinton in Office! Run Donald Trump Run!
"therightnewz: Video-- real Donald Trump to greta : Jeb won't beat Hillary Clinton"
Where’s the electability? Jeb is losing to HRC by 13 points. A Bush will never beat a Clinton. Wake up GOP!
"Tp Graf82: real Donald Trump great job on foxandfriends we need you or we will be stuck with another clinton"
"mooovin_on: No Bush, no Clinton, no RINOs, no golfing, no more handouts!! It's got to be real Donald Trump. Time for Trump2016"
"liquidkowboy: real Donald Trump We need someone to make America, America again.You have my vote for 2016 2016Election USA No More Clintons
A Clinton already defeated a Bush. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing twice and expecting a different result.
"dxdelafu: RT real Donald Trump: THE LAST THING THIS COUNTRY NEEDS IS ANOTHER BUSH! Or another Clinton."
"kvstravel: real Donald Trump as I watch the news Mr. Trump I'm thinking I hope America has had enough of clintonandbush as potus"
"Michael Sad6: tonymission Saran_arsh real Donald Trump I think Trump vs Clinton would be huge"
"Josh Burrnett: If Hilary Clinton runs for office. real Donald Trump HAS TOO. Or I'm moving to canada"
Dan Scavino APinv Trump Golf billclinton APHospital  Thanks Dan
Miranda_Diplo               "I like Hilary Clinton. She is very admirable. But real Donald Trump is our nation's answer." Thanks.
John Mc Cain couldn’t get him to release “it” and neither could Hillary Clinton—but Donald did!
"Mystic Wolf12001: real Donald Trump C'mon, you KNOW you're the only one capable of beating Clinton"
"andrewtavani: .billclinton and Gov Christie 1st met at wedding of real Donald Trump, when Christie was US attorney in the Bush admin."  TRUE
Great to see Sec. Clinton leaving the hospital yesterday with Chelsea Clinton and Pres. Clinton.  Glad she is recuperating.
Virtually all Presidents and candidates including John Mc Cain, Bill Clinton, George H.W. Bush, and George W. Bush... 
Neanderthal Man1 Mitt Romney  I was referring, of course, to Bill Clinton's statement on the economy.
Clinton commented in Ohio today that Mitt Romney is right, the economy has not been fixed under Obama.I always said Bill was an honest man.
Obama keeps namedropping Bill Clinton-- he is no Bill Clinton.
Bill Clinton has been Obama's most effective surrogate out on the trail.
I really like Chelsea Clinton--an amazing young woman. She got the best of both parents. (Ivanka Trump agrees)
The Chinese are mistreating Hillary Clinton on her trip   They have zero respect for us. Outrageous!
Bill Clinton did a great job last night--the Democrats are lucky to have him. Do you really believe he likes Barack Obama?
Smart move by Barack Obama having Pres. Bill Clinton deliver the DNC convention keynote.
Chelsea Clinton will be very successful in the world of politics. She's always been a great person--a winner. (cont) 
Smart move by the Democrats to have Pres. billclinton play a key role in their convention.
I hope Bill Clinton and NEWSMAX's Chris Ruddy are enjoying their mission to Africa. Two great people.
Wife Huma wants Rep Weiner to "pull a billclinton by giving a tell-all interview." Unlike Clinton, Anthony is a sick puppy.
.Bill Clinton was very nice to me, as I am to him, on the Piers Morgan Show (CNN). He is loyal to his friends. piersmorgan
Is Roger Simon politicoroger ever right about anything? Now he's attacking Bill Clinton in defense of (cont) 
Pres. Bill Clinton, 5.31.12: "Mitt Romney had a sterling business career."
