I am far better on Health Care than the Democrats! 
The Democrats will do anything to avoid a trial in the Senate in order to protect Sleepy Joe Biden, and expose the millions and millions of dollars that “Where’s” Hunter, and possibly Joe, were paid by companies and countries for doing NOTHING. Joe wants no part of this mess!
 President real Donald Trump is leading 5 Democrats for the 2020 presidential election , according to a USATODAY/ Suffolk_U…
“Democrats repeatedly claimed impeachment was an urgent matter, but now Nancy Pelosi uses stall tactics to obstruct the Senate.” replouiegohmert Hey Tammy Bruce Fox News  It’s all part of the Impeachment Hoax!
Despite all of the great success that our Country has had over the last 3 years, it makes it much more difficult to deal with foreign leaders (and others) when I am having to constantly defend myself against the Do Nothing Democrats and their bogus Impeachment Scam. Bad for USA!
The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats said they wanted to RUSH everything through to the Senate because “President Trump is a threat to National Security” (they are vicious, will say anything!), but now they don’t want to go fast anymore, they want to go very slowly. Liars!
 Democrats’ gift to American workers? Three years wasted obsessing over impeachment.   Republicans’ gift to American workers?…
The ONLY reason we were able to get our great USMCA Trade Deal approved was because the Do Nothing Democrats wanted to show that they could approve  something productive in light of the fact that all they even think about is impeachment. She knows nothing about the USMCA Deal!
....the American public’s tone deafness - and it should be intolerable, because the American people have had it with this.” kilmeade foxandfriends  The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats have gone CRAZY. They want to make it as hard as possible for me to properly run our Country!
What the Democrats are doing is “Obstruction of the Senate. It’s wrong Constitutionally, it’s wrong morally, and it’s wrong politically.” Alan Dersh  seanhannity  dbongino l agree, and so does the public!
STOCK MARKET CLOSES AT ALL-TIME HIGH! What a great time for the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats to Impeach your favorite President, especially since he has not done anything wrong!
 After the House vote, Democrats are having BUYER's REMORSE about impeachment and don't know what to do.    They know t…
Wouldn’t it be reasonable to assume that Republicans in the Senate should handle the Impeachment Hoax in the exact same manner as Democrats in the House handled their recent partisan scam? Why would it be different for Republicans than it was for the Radical Left Democrats?
 PER THE CONSTITUTION: The time for “discovery” passed.  The Senate now tries the case as they wish. Senate democrats and m…
 .Rep Matt Gaetz of the House Judiciary Committee joined me to discuss the endless barrage of nonsense from the Democrats -…
The Democrats and Crooked Hillary paid for and provided a Fake Dossier, with phony information gotten from foreign sources, pushed it to the corrupt media and Dirty Cops, and have now been caught. They spied on my campaign, then tried to cover it up - Just Like Watergate, but bigger!
“It’s time to put House Democrats on trial.”  Ingraham Angle
 SUCH ATROCIOUS LIES BY THE RADICAL LEFT, DO NOTHING DEMOCRATS. THIS IS AN ASSAULT ON AMERICA, AND AN ASSAULT ON THE RE…
 Yesterday the Democrats impeached our President.  Today they passed a bill to raise your taxes.  Maybe next year they’ll tr…
“House Democrats perpetrating a fraud on America.” Ingraham Angle
 COMING UP: I’ll be joining jasoninthehouse on HANNITY, alongside Jim_Jordan, to discuss the Democrats’ vindictive ef…
The reason the Democrats don’t want to submit the Articles of Impeachment to the Senate is that they don’t want corrupt politician Adam Shifty Schiff to testify under oath, nor do they want the Whistleblower, the missing second Whistleblower, the informer, the Bidens, to testify!
The House Democrats were unable to get even a single vote from the Republicans on their Impeachment Hoax. The Republicans have never been so united!  The Dem’s case is so bad that they don’t even want to go to trial!
So after the Democrats gave me no Due Process in the House, no lawyers, no witnesses, no nothing, they now want to tell the Senate how to run their trial. Actually, they have zero proof of anything, they will never even show up. They want out. I want an immediate trial!
 The Left uses the U.S. Constitution to DESTROY the U.S. Constitution.  The Democrats are the ANTITHESIS of what it means…
 Pelosi has assured the Democrats demise!  Nancy Pelosi's stomach-turning impeachment charade damages America : Goodwin ht…
 What is driving this crazy idea?    Democrats have finally realized they have a very WEAK case which NEVER should have…
 Democrats might want to take a look at the UK for insight on how voters react when one party is perceived to be overturning an…
 The impeachment vote has been recorded, but House Democrats aren’t stopping there.    They have gone on record saying in 2020 they…
 The Democrats impeached Trump for crimes committed by Joe Biden.  Honestly, I am impressed.
 17% of Trump rally attendees in *Michigan* are Democrats. The Democrat nominee is in big trouble. 
“The Senate shall set the time and place of the trial.” If the Do Nothing Democrats decide, in their great wisdom, not to show up, they would lose by Default!
 At 9:30am tomorrow morning, on the Senate floor, I will speak about House Democrats’ precedent-breaking impeachment of th…
 From the day President Trump was elected, Democrats have wanted to impeach and remove him from office. Today’s vote was…
 “Democrats have been obsessed with impeaching President real Donald Trump since day one. Tonight, they cast one of the most d…
 Democrats have been trying to impeach real Donald Trump since the moment he took office, and they have made it clear they…
 I will be a juror and will take this process seriously, but this impeachment is motivated by Democrats’ hatred of Donal…
 Is this a joke? Democrats impeach the President without alleging a single crime, with a bipartisan coalition voting AGAINST,…
 The House Democrats just spent a month confirming that real Donald Trump did nothing wrong and that this impeachment circu…
 The American people aren’t fooled by the Democrats’ dirty tricks.   Americans will NEVER forget that Democrats have been…
 Democrats forgot two key things: facts and fairness. 
 🚨 BREAKING 🚨 Democrats just signed their own pink slips by voting to undo the results of the 2016 election and impeach the d…
SUCH ATROCIOUS LIES BY THE RADICAL LEFT, DO NOTHING DEMOCRATS. THIS IS AN ASSAULT ON AMERICA, AND AN ASSAULT ON THE REPUBLICAN PARTY!!!!
 Can you believe that I will be impeached today by the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, AND I DID NOTHING WRONG! A t…
....had, while the Democrats are just looking out for elections. This President should just continue to fight like he’s always fought, for himself and for this Country. Continue to put forth policies like prescription drugs and trade policies. That’s what makes this President stand..
Can you believe that I will be impeached today by the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, AND I DID NOTHING WRONG! A terrible Thing. Read the Transcripts. This should never happen to another President again. Say a PRAYER!
.marcthiessen  “Voters say the Democrats are trying to take away their votes. Pelosi was right the first time. Impeachment has backfired thoroughly on the Democrats. How can you Impeach the President for going to the courts?”
The Stock Market hit another Record High yesterday, number 133 in less than three years as your all time favorite President, and the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, want to impeach me. Don’t worry, I have done nothing wrong. Actually, they have!
 real Donald Trump Impeachment will be bipartisan ....bipartisan AGAINST it. Hahahahaha Democrats wasted all their polit…
Congressional Do Nothing Democrats are being absolutely decimated in their districts on the subject of the Impeachment Hoax. People that voted for them are literally screaming in their faces. Crazy Nancy is finding defending Shifty Schiff harder than she thought! 2020Election
 Democrats are right when they say today is a sad day. But not for the reason they think.  It's sad because today is ano…
 This impeachment vote reminds me of when Democrats went nuclear by lowering the threshold to confirm federal judges in 2…
Thank you for your honesty Jeff. All of the Democrats know you are right, but unlike you, they don’t have the “guts” to say so! 
The last time I spoke to Debbie Dingell was her call thanking me for granting top memorial and funeral service honors for her then just departed husband, long time Congressman John Dingell. Now I watch her ripping me as part of the Democrats Impeachment Hoax. Really pathetic!
Chuck Schumer sat for years during the Obama Administration and watched as China ripped off the United States. He and the Do Nothing Democrats did NOTHING as this $ carnage took place. Now, without even seeing it, he snipes at our GREAT new deal with China. Too bad Cryin’ Chuck!
 Enough! These Democrats in Trump districts said they were with real Donald Trump. They lied! - Now now its time to hear…
“There are 31 House Democrats in Trump won Congressional Districts. Those Dems will have to answer to their constituents come 2020. If you look at the facts, there’s no crime, there’s no witness, there’s no evidence, there’s no victim, President Zelensky said there was....
....absolutely no pressure. I don’t know of any crime that was committed where the actual victim wasn’t aware of it....and, they got the call, they got the meeting, and they got the money. Unbelievably, the Democrats have weaponized the Impeachment process, they have....
“Independent voters are fed up and frustrated with the Democrats.” Congressman Michael Waltz, Florida
....absolutely no pressure. I don’t know of any crime that was committed where the actual victim wasn’t aware of it....and, they got the call, they got the meeting, and they got the money. Unbelievably, the Democrats have weaponized the Impeachment process, they have...
“There are 31 House Democrats in Trump won Congressional Districts. Those Dems will have to answer to their constituents come 2020. If you look at the facts, there’s no crime, there’s no witness, there’s no evidence, there’s no victim, President Zelensky said there was.......
After watching the disgraceful way that a wonderful man, Brett Kavanaugh, was treated by the Democrats, and now seeing first hand how these same Radical Left, Do Nothing Dems are treating the whole Impeachment Hoax, I understand why so many Dems are voting Republican!
 Democrats once said there should “NEVER” be a totally partisan impeachment.   But that’s exactly what they are doing right n…
 No president has accomplished more than President real Donald Trump has.  Democrats only want to remove him from office becau…
It’s not fair that I’m being Impeached when I’ve done absolutely nothing wrong! The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats have become the Party of Hate. They are so bad for our Country!
The Do Nothing Democrats have become the Party of lies and deception! The Republicans are the Party of the American Dream!
Poll numbers have gone through the roof in favor of No Impeachment, especially with Swing States and Independents in Swing States. People have figured out that the Democrats have no case, it is a total Hoax. Even Pelosi admitted yesterday that she began this scam 2 1/2 years ago!
“Last night House Judiciary Chairman Jerry Nadler admitted that Democrats are pursuing Impeachment because it’s too dangerous to simply let the American people pick the next president in 2020.” kilmeade  Fox News
 The polling is looking really bad for impeachment-obsessed Democrats, so they’re rushing an already unfair process and makin…
Nancy Pelosi just got duped in an interview to admitting that she has been working on impeaching me for “two and a half years.” In other words, she lied. This was the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats plan all along, long before the Ukraine phone call. Impeachment Hoax!
.....by Congress, by the Justice Department and FBI friends of the Democrats, who hated the president when he was nothing but a candidate. At some point somebody should have said, wait a minute, this is out of control, this train is off the tracks, it’s time to get reasonable.”
 Democrats continue to move the goalposts and stubbornly defy the standard they once set for themselves. …
 The Democrats' legislative record pales in comparison to real Donald Trump's three-year record as Commander in Chief.  T…
 This President has done a remarkable job in spite of three years of constant harassment by the Democrats in this body a…
 .Rep Ratcliffe: Democrats have built this fake-impeachment scheme around an alleged demand.  Nowhere in that transcript d…
 Today's impeachment markup has confirmed our worst fears:   Democrats have invented two Articles of Impeachment against…
 President Trump is working to improve the lives of all Americans.   Democrats are solely focused on impeachment.   You d…
 2 days ago, the day Democrats introduced impeachment articles, President Zelensky's top aide Andriy Yermak said the Dem…
 Democrats want EVERY inference to go against real Donald Trump. Why should the American public give them ANY inference o…
 The Democrats are playing “pin the tail on your favorite impeachment theory” because they don’t have the evidence for any…
I also have constantly asked, “Why aren’t Germany, France and other European countries helping Ukraine more? They are the biggest beneficiaries. Why is it always the good ol’ United States?” The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, never mention this at their phony hearing!
 At a time when Congress is undertaking perhaps it’s most sacred duty, Democrats give Republicans a measly 2 hours to revi…
 .Rep Matt Gaetz shows how partisan the Democrats' lead investigator, Mr. Goldman, is a partisan hack.  There is NOTHING…
 MUST-READ: "Gaetz Torches Democrats’ Impeachment Lawyer After He Says He’s Not Partisan"  Impeachment Hearings  …
 "This is about one basic fact: the Democrats have never accepted the will of the American people." -Jim_Jordan impeachm…
 .Rep Matt Gaetz:  “So now with no crime, with no victim, House Democrats impeach because they have no agenda for America...…
 They did it again.  This afternoon at 4:45, Democrats said Republicans must submit amendments to their ridiculous impeachme…
 .Rep Mike Johnson: It’s rather shocking that Democrats built their impeachment articles on mere hearsay, speculation, an…
 “Do we have Abuse of Power? Yes, Adam Schiff.  Do we have Obstruction of Congress? Yes, House Democrats.  This is a pol…
 To satisfy their base’s extreme hatred of President Trump, House Democrats have taken a blowtorch to House rules, the r…
 Democrats in Congress - NOT POTUS real Donald Trump - have committed the high crimes and misdemeanors of Abuse and Powe…
 The American public can see the Democrats are on a 3-year vendetta to get the president they couldn’t beat, and they’re…
 The absurd pretense that Democrats in Congress are impeaching Trump because of “the Constitution” and not their rage at Tru…
 Quite an odd thing for Democrats and media to pat themselves on the back for perpetrating a Russia-collusion hoax for 3 yea…
 As Jim_Jordan reminds us, Democrats forget the facts.  They forget we have the call transcript.  They forget the two m…
 ➡️ There's BIPARTISAN opposition to impeachment.  ➡️ Contrary to the Democrats' claims, there's no COMPELLING reason to…
 Predictably, some media allies of Democrats spinning hard. This is what the investigation was about, pg 361:  IG found…
 With this disgusting impeachment charade, House Democrats have proven themselves guilty of Abuse of Power and Obstruction…
 How House Democrats run a kangaroo court: Ignore the rules, refuse to recognize legitimate objections, stream roll the…
 While Democrats were pushing impeachment, real Donald Trump was delivering results for Pennsylvania:  *160K new jobs *bil…
 Pleased to hear that real Donald Trump’s administration and House Democrats have reached a deal on USMCA! This is a major…
 🚨🚨🚨 POTUS and House Democrats have announced an agreement to move USMCA forward. My statement here ⤵️ …
The Do Nothing Democrats are a disgrace! 
“The Democrats have thrown a wrecking ball at our Democracy.” Maria Bartiromo
 While Democrats are focused on undoing the 2016 election, President Trump is doing what he said.  Able-bodied adults withou…
 Republicans are working day and night to expose the truth behind the Democrats’ radical, partisan, vindictive efforts t…
 Democrats' determination to impeach real Donald Trump undercuts our responsibility to govern the nation. Instead of focu…
 All the Democrats have are unproven allegations. Here are the facts:  - Call text shows zero link between aid/political…
 Democrats devised their timeline for impeaching the president a long time ago, and they've just been filling it in as they g…
 “To summarize: Many Democrats wanted to impeach real Donald Trump from the get-go. Frustrated at their inability to get…
 From the individuals who brought you the Russian-Collusion Hoax,  Comes the sequel - the Ukrainian Hoax.  Democrats wil…
 Nancy Pelosi and House Democrats want to impeach real Donald Trump simply because they don’t like him.   All you have to…
 READ: The White House’s ‘Bring It On’ Letter to House Democrats  War Room Impeachment 
“The Democrats haven’t come up with a smocking gun. Nancy Pelosi, by raising this to the level of Impeachment, has raised the bar impossibly high. This comes after three years of nonstop investigations of Trump, the Russian collusion narrative, the Mueller Report, and now the.....
“I think the Democrats are going to lose many members over this.” Debbie Lesko edhenry
 “THE DEMOCRATS ARE LOSING IT” Jesse BWatters Watters World  
....it’s going to go nowhere. They are going to impeach not because they have the evidence, but because they hate the president. I think the American people know that this is a waste of time, this is Democrats putting on a circus. Sen Ted Cruz interviewed by Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd
“Any president has the authority to investigate corruption. The President himself released the transcript of the call. Now the Democrats have no evidence of a crime and no evidence of violating the law. This is a kangaroo court in the House, but it’s going to go to the Senate,...
.Sen Ted Cruz  “The Democrats are now admitting that they can’t prove a crime, they can’t prove a law was violated, and here’s why. Any president, any administration, is justified in investigating corruption, and there was serious evidence of real corruption concerning Hunter....
Less than 48 hours before start of the Impeachment Hearing Hoax, on Monday, the No Due Process, Do Nothing Democrats are, believe it or not, changing the Impeachment Guidelines because the facts are not on their side. When you can’t win the game, change the rules!
 Democrats lecture about dirt-digging, even as they abuse their surveillance powers to demand phone records to smear politi…
“Not only have the Democrats not advanced key pieces of legislation that would help the economy, but the polls, especially in early states, are showing that voters are tuning out.” Pete Hegseth They don’t want our greatest of all presidents impeached!
“Why re-elect Democrats when you know that this is what they are doing with their majority. Their case is not strong because first it was Russian Collusion, then it was obstruction, then it was Ukraine, now their pivoting back to Russia. Why would they be doing that?” Lisa Booth
 "I have no idea what the plan is from the Democrats, it makes no sense to me. Nancy Pelosi can go on public TV and claim that…
 Washington Democrats are counting impeachment votes. President Trump is counting 266,000 new jobs and a 50-year record…
Nadler hasn’t had a single fact witness testify! Zero substance—Country wants USMCA and Growth, not Impeachment. Polls have tanked on the Do Nothing Democrats!
Without the horror show that is the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, the Stock Markets and Economy would be even better, if that is possible, and the Border would be closed to the evil of Drugs, Gangs and all other problems! 2020
 The audacity of Nancy Pelosi.  She just claimed, “This has absolutely nothing to do with politics."  House Democrats boy…
 The Democrats are right about one thing - someone did abuse their power.  But it's not Real Donald Trump.   It's THEM. Their i…
 While Democrats continue their obsession with impeaching President real Donald Trump and try to overturn the will of the American peop…
 The liberal "experts" invited to testify by House Democrats yesterday have had an appetite for impeachment since before Pre…
The Do Nothing, Radical Left Democrats have just announced that they are going to seek to Impeach me over NOTHING. They already gave up on the ridiculous Mueller “stuff,” so now they hang their hats on two totally appropriate (perfect) phone calls with the Ukrainian President....
The Do Nothing Democrats had a historically bad day yesterday in the House. They have no Impeachment case and are demeaning our Country. But nothing matters to them, they have gone crazy. Therefore I say, if you are going to impeach me, do it now, fast, so we can have a fair....
 House Democrats continue to waste the American people’s time with their impeachment sham.…   ❌ Passing USMCAnow ❌ Securing o…
....”I would like to have the Attorney General (of the United States) call you or your people.....” This, based on what I have seen, is their big point - and it is no point at a all (except for a big win for me!). The Democrats should apologize to the American people!
 .House Democrats have thrown every accusation at POTUS realdonaldtrump they can conjure:   — Russian collusion — Obs…
 Democrats are pursuing their hatred for real Donald Trump atop the ruins of our public liberty. That is the greatest dan…
 While President Trump is overseas defending the country, Democrats are in Washington dividing the country. …
 All 3 of the Democrats' law professors came w/ preconceived biases. Two have said for years that various acts by the Pr…
 .Rep Matt Gaetz just brought the house down.   When will Democrats bring in witnesses with actual first-hand knowledge of…
 📺WATCH: Jim_Jordan highlights why this is a predetermined impeachment by Democrats. 
 House Democrats have brought Congress to a standstill with their impeachment obsession.  ❌ Passage of USMCA ❌ Lower Drug P…
 Jonathan Turley, not a Trump supporter, looks at Democrats and delivers one of the most powerful quotes of the hearing…
 As House Democrats kick off another day of their impeachment sham, here’s a reminder that after two weeks of public testimony…
 Tomorrow, Democrats will get THREE constitutional lawyers and Republicans will only get ONE!  This entire process is unfair…
 "Jordan: Democrats didn't admit they were wrong about Russia, just moved on to Ukraine"  Tucker Carlson …
 Nancy Pelosi and other House Democrats overestimated the extent to which whatever allegations they’re making about the Uk…
Thank you to President Zelensky. Case over. The Do Nothing Democrats should finally go back to work! 
Thank you to Congressman Ben Cline4Virginia for the Great remarks this morning on the illegitimate Impeachment Hoax. He understands the Do Nothing Democrats very well. Also, and as usual, Rep Andy Biggs AZ was fantastic!
Heading to Europe to represent our Country and fight hard for the American People while the Do Nothing Democrats purposely scheduled an Impeachment Hoax hearing on the same date as NATO. Not nice! 
The Do Nothing Democrats get 3 Constitutional lawyers for their Impeachment hoax (they will need them!), the Republicans get one. Oh, that sounds fair!
“The Democrats don’t have any evidence, but they are still going to do it anyway. That’s the sham that’s going on here.”  jasoninthehouse Chaffetz
Breaking News: The President of Ukraine has just again announced that President Trump has done nothing wrong with respect to Ukraine and our interactions or calls. If the Radical Left Democrats were sane, which they are not, it would be case over!
“The American people are going to see this for what it is. It is a political effort by the Democrats, and the President certainly doesn’t have to aid in the Impeachment effort.” Robert Ray Maria Bartiromo  Democrats are getting “killed” in their home districts. 2020!
I will be representing our Country in London at NATO, while the Democrats are holding the most ridiculous Impeachment hearings in history. Read the Transcripts, NOTHING was done or said wrong! The Radical Left is undercutting our Country. Hearings scheduled on same dates as NATO!
And the Do Nothing Democrats want to impeach President Trump? 
 The Tide Is Turning Against Democrats On Impeachment 
“Poll shows Dems losing interest in Impeachment inquiry all across the board. These Polls are actually devastating to the Democrats. But the writing was on the wall. He’s done so many great things. He’s devastated ISIS and killed Al Baghdadi, building Wall.” Jason Meister Fox News
 As Democrats charge forward on Impeachment of real Donald Trump despite certainty of defeat, don’t let them forget phony…
“Democrats committed to impeaching Trump for no reason.” Will backfire into big 2020 Victory for Republicans! Ingraham Angle
“The Democrats are getting hit and slammed on Impeachment. It is getting less and less popular by the day.” kilmeade foxandfriends
Democrats going back to their Districts for Thanksgiving are getting absolutely hammered by their constituents over the phony Impeachment Scam. Republicans will have a great 2020 Election!
“The whole Russia thing was a Hoax, and the Ukraine thing is a Hoax, and the Democrats are a Joke. This is a disaster for them!” Devin Nunes Fox News The Do Nothing Democrats are hurting our Country, and they don’t care!
 The first phase of impeachment did not go well for Democrats. It needed to be a time when support for the inquiry and impe…
 And yet, one thing remains the same: House Democrats have wanted to impeach the president since day one. These hearings ha…
 People need to stop making Democrats look like a bunch of crazy Left wing extremists by quoting them and sharing their offi…
 New RNC ad uses Democrats' own words on impeachment against them 
This is the real story behind the Do Nothing Democrats! 
Nancy Pelosi, Adam Schiff, AOC and the rest of the Democrats are not getting important legislation done, hence, the Do Nothing Democrats. USMCA, National Defense Authorization Act, Gun Safety, Prescription Drug Prices, and Infrastructure are dead in the water because of the Dems!
NEW YORK POST EDITORIAL. “Worse Than Pointless. All those hours of televised testimony plainly failed on their announced goal: to change American’s minds. Part of the problem is that Democrats already leaked the best evidence they had. More important, NOT ONE WITNESS OFFERED.....
“The Democrats dirty tricks have started this whole thing. The Whistleblower, the guy who took his case to Schiff’s staff first, is what really blows the lid off this entire saga. He worked for Biden on Ukraine policy when Biden was VP. He worked for deep state henchman John
Adam Schiff will be compelled to testify should the Democrats decide, despite the fact that my presidential conversations were totally appropriate (perfect), to go forward with the Impeachment Hoax. Polls have now turned very strongly against Impeachment!
“The support for Impeachment is not there. I think the Democrats will have to come up with a new game plan.” jasoninthehouse Fox News
...Pelosi and her Do Nothing Democrats drug pricing bill doesn’t do the trick. FEWER cures! FEWER treatments! Time for the Democrats to get serious about bipartisan solutions to lowering prescription drug prices for families...
...House Republicans are showing real LEADERSHIP and prepared to enact bipartisan solutions for drug prices. Do Nothing Democrats are playing partisan politics with YOUR drug prices! We are READY to work together if they actually want to get something done!
 Reminder for Democrats crying crocodile tears about a brief halt in aid:  In 2014, Ukraine’s president went before Congr…
 Re Collusion Hoax it’s not real Donald Trump denying Russia interfered w our 2016 election. It’s Democrats and house media…
 House Democrats have been trying to invalidate the will of the American people since Day 1.   We won’t let them take awa…
 .Rep Stefanik just called out Democrats for their lies about Republican support in holding Russia accountable for election m…
 Democrats have brought in numerous witnesses to testify about matters completely unrelated to the heart of their impeachm…
 A 40 minute opening statement from a guy who overheard a phone call that was “a couple minutes.”  THIS is the Democrats’ la…
Poll: Trump leads top 2020 Democrats in Wisconsin .
 With every question that Rep Stefanik asks, Democrats' sham impeachment gets weaker and weaker.  Q: "You testified, 'Preside…
“White House Confidence Grows As Hearings Wear On.” Wash Times  This is just an attempted takedown of the Republican Party by the Do Nothing Democrats. It will never work. 2020
 WATCH —&gt; Amb. Volker just took apart Democrats’ ENTIRE case.   Rep Mike Turner: Did he ever say to you that he was not going…
 What we've learned today from the Democrats sham impeachment hearings:  ❌NO QUID PRO QUO  ❌NO BRIBERY  ❌NO EXTORTION  In shor…
 It’s time for Democrats to *do their job* and ratify USMCAnow. 
 Very bad day for Rep Adam Schiff, Speaker Pelosi and Democrats. Impeachment Sham is crumbling.   Another witness just told…
 The Founding Fathers warned against what Democrats are doing—political impeachment simply because they don't like a pre…
 Since the day President real Donald Trump took office, House Democrats have ignored working Americans to focus on their only…
 .Rep Ratcliffe nails it.  Democrats poll-tested, and they found that the crime of “bribery” alarms voters the most. The on…
 FACT CHECK: True.   • Republicans are on 🔥 • Democrats can’t hide the facts in their secret bunker anymore.  • The Presid…
 Democrats also conveniently gloss over fact that, under real Donald Trump's administration, Ukraine received lethal mili…
 These questions from Devin Nunes deserve answers:  "What is the full extent of the Democrats’ prior coordination with the Wh…
The Do Nothing Democrats have disgraced our great Country! 
 So much of the Democrats' impeachment effort has revolved around unelected bureaucrats airing their policy grievances with…
Mark Levin speaking one week after I took office. This was always a planned COUP and the Radical Left Democrats will suffer at the polls in 2020! 
“Congressman Van Drew (D-NJ) SLAMS Democrats for ‘fracturing the Nation’ with Impeachment probe. ‘We already know how it’s going to end.” Fox News
Never has the Republican Party been so united as it is now. 95% A.R. This is a great fraud being played out against the American people by the Fake News Media and their partner, the Do Nothing Democrats. The rules are rigged by Pelosi and Schiff, but we are winning, and we will win!
The Crazed, Do Nothing Democrats are turning Impeachment into a routine partisan weapon. That is very bad for our Country, and not what the Founders had in mind!!!!
 This. This is the impeachment that Democrats have spent the last three years working on. ↓   Hours of hearsay from handpicke…
 Impeachment is meant to be a big deal, but Democrats and the media have accomplished the disturbing feat of turning it int…
“I mean, come on. The Democrats are doing focus groups to try and figure out what words to use to move the needle. The Democrats know this is political and they’re just trying to drag Trump’s name into the mud!” Lisa Booth foxandfriends Thank you Lisa!
 History is going to be so MASSIVELY unkind towards Pelosi, Schiff and the rest of Congressional Democrats who continue su…
 The Democrats second day impeachment witness, Ambassador Yovanovitch, has no information on any of the relevant questio…
 Democrats didn’t like the outcome of the 2016 election, so now they’re trying to impeach real Donald Trump   KS02 ksleg h…
 One thing to note:  Notice how, so far, the Democrats have been peppering the witness with questions asking her to spec…
 No matter how hard the media and the Democrats try to spin the hearings, these are the facts... Impeaching Hearings Facts M…
We have vacancies in various departments because we do not want or need as many people as past administrations (and save great cost), and also, the Democrats delay the approval process to levels unprecedented in the history of our Country!
Democrats must apologize to USA: Ukrainian Foreign Minister Vadym Prystaiko said that “United States Ambassador Gordon Sondland did NOT link financial military assistance to a request for Ukraine to open up an investigation into former V.P. Joe Biden and his son, Hunter Biden.....
....that the House Democrats have done since she’s become Speaker, other than chase Donald Trump.” This Impeachment Hoax is such a bad precedent and sooo bad for our Country!
....anywhere, so we’ve now had 3 years of the Democrats chasing Donald Trump. Nancy Pelosi’s worried about the American voter looking for someone to blame for that eventually. Look at her own story in the House. What have they done? The average American can’t identify anything...
 Brilliant job by my colleagues today on the Intel Committee. They clearly highlighted the gaping holes in the Democrats…
 If House Democrats were as committed to helping Americans succeed under President real Donald Trump as they are to tearing h…
 “This was an abject failure for the Democrats and for Adam Schiff.” Elise Stefanik 
Thank you Franklin Graham. It is a time of “shame” for our Country. The Democrats know what they are doing is wrong! 
 📺 WATCH: Democrats ask star witness about alleged quid pro quo.   Star witness admits he has no first-hand knowledge of t…
 Today, House Democrats hijacked our Ways Means Cmte hearing room for their political impeachment circus.  Their obsession…
 WATCH:   Devin Nunes: "After vowing publicly that impeachment requires bipartisan support, Democrats are pushing impeachment…
 This 👏 is 👏 a 👏 sham 👏 → Democrats are refusing access to important witnesses. → The President's legal counsel is not allowe…
 .Rep Adam Schiff's sham impeachment hearings begin today.   But make no mistake, Democrats have been out to get the Presi…
“Nancy Pelosi cares more about power than she does about principle. She did not want to go down this road. She realizes this is a huge loser for Democrats. The Founders envisioned the worst people being in politics, yet they couldn’t envision this. You have these people taking...
The Democrats have stacked the deck against President Trump and the Republicans. They have leaked out everything. Steve Doocy foxandfriends
....This is a phony showtrial. There is zero due process, none. It is yet another fraudulent hoax conspiracy theory. It is another Witch Hunt. This is what the Socialist Doemocrat Party has become. There’s not one thing the Democrats have done in the past 3 years except try...
“The circus is coming to town. The corrupt, compromised, coward and congenital liar Adam Schiff Show on Capital Hill, brought to you by his raging psychotic Democrats and the top allies in the Media Mob. Everything you’re going to see in the next two weeks is rigged.....
A total Impeachment Scam by the Do Nothing Democrats! 
“The President has until September 30th to give this aid to Ukraine. He gets it out on September 11th., 3 weeks before the deadline. So, we give our ally aid, and Joe Biden is not investigated. Remember that, they get the aid and we get nothing in return. The Democrats....
Schiff is giving Republicans NO WITNESSES, NO LAWYER and NO DUE PROCESS! It is a totally one sided Witch Hunt. This can’t be making the Democrats look good. Such a farce!
 While Democrats are focused on smearing real Donald Trump, Republicans are focused on confirming more conservative judges…
 If Chairman Adam Schiff and Democrats are denying GOP impeachment witnesses to prevent a “sham process,” they’re certai…
 Kamala taking a page out of Hillary’s book.  2020 Democrats want to destroy millions of American jobs in the fossil fuel…
 Things Democrats did this week: Sham impeachment proceedings.  Things they didn’t: Ratify USMCA, fund the troops, lower…
 STU: "The democrats know they can't remove real Donald Trump  from office but they'll go ahead with the impeachment process…
 STU: "The democrats are losing on policy, losing on prosperity, and their socialist front runners are being attacked by thei…
 There are probably a myriad of additional reasons that Democrats have been focusing on impeachment, but none of them is…
 Democrats are so obsessed with impeaching President Trump that they're doing nothing to fix real problems Americans care a…
 "Democrats want to invest in green global projects. I want to invest in Black American communities." - real Donald Trump …
“Based on the things I’ve seen, the Democrats have no case, or a weak case, at best. I don’t think there are, or will be, well founded articles of Impeachment here.” Robert Wray, respected former prosecutor. It is a phony scam by the Do Nothing Dems! foxandfriends
 Virginia has the best Unemployment and Economic numbers in the history of the State. If the Democrats get in, those nu…
 STU: "It's crunch time. The angry left has taken over the The Democrats party, and the socialists have taken over the preside…
 "The American people are fed up with Democrat lies, hoaxes, slander. The Democrats' outrageous conduct has created an ang…
 The democrats are tearing this country apart. They are wusses, wimps and weasels. They don’t have the chutzpah to face Do…
 Check out my interview with Steve Scalise on the Democrats' impeachment witch-hunt and their "soviet-style" process to th…
 Morrison testimony backfires on Schiff and the radical Democrats 
 The walking dead: the House Democrats who lied to voters in Trump districts in 2018 to get elected.  …
 Under Trump, black unemployment is lowest in history.  No doubt, Democrats will shout racism. 
 "Rep. Jim Jordan on House impeachment inquiry: Democrats are making up the rules as they go"  
 The democrats are tearing this country apart. They are wusses, wimps and weasels. They don’t have the chutzpah to face Do…
Virginia has the best Unemployment and Economic numbers in the history of the State. If the Democrats get in, those numbers will go rapidly in the other direction. On Tuesday, Vote Republican!
The Democrats are Fixers, and they are working overtime to FIX the Impeachment “Process” in order to hurt the Republican Party and me. Nancy Pelosi should instead Fix her broken District and Corrupt Adam should clean up and manage the California forests which are always burning!
....Matt has been a GREAT Governor. Kentucky (I Love You!), please be sure to vote for Matt Bevin on TUESDAY. Matt will never let you down, and we have to send a strong signal to Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats. See you on Monday night, VOTE TUESDAY!!!
 When you look at what Democrats in Congress have accomplished compared to President real Donald Trump in just the past 2 wee…
 There is serious work to get done on behalf of this country—and Congressional Democrats are blatantly ignoring it. https://…
 While Democrats go on with their impeachment sham, President real Donald Trump will continue working for the American people…
 .House Democrats have been holding a closed-door investigation in Rep Adam Schiff’s basement.   After facing intense fl…
 The Democrats are pushing the Impeachment hoax because they know the President is going to get re-elected in 2020. So…
 If you want to send a message to the Do Nothing Democrats that Kentucky and America support President real Donald Trump—VOTE…
“The Democrats need more than this.” tombrokaw  Much more!
“The Democrats are so immersed in this (SCAM). They couldn’t care less about the American people!” Rush Limbaugh EIB
But the Crooked Democrats don’t want people to know this! Thank you to Tim Morrison for your honesty. 
The home of Nancy Pelosi. I can’t believe her voters can be happy with the job she and the Do Nothing Democrats are doing! San Francisco has really gone down hill. So sad! 
While the Do Nothing Democrats FAIL the American People, and continue the Impeachment Scam, my Administration will continue to deliver REAL RESULTS, as seen over the past month, below! 
 Democrats don't care about the facts or passing legislation. They only care about impeaching the President less than 13 m…
 Democrats keep trying to tell you they're *reluctantly* pursuing impeachment.  Reminder: since real Donald Trump took of…
 Washington Democrats made every effort to take down this President with a fake Russian collusion scandal  It failed  Th…
 Today, House Democrats will continue an impeachment inquisition that is nothing more than an illegitimate witch-hunt. The…
 BREAKING ⇒ 100% of Republicans just voted AGAINST this sham impeachment. Two Democrats joined us.  Speaker Pelosi and Chairm…
The Impeachment Hoax is hurting our Stock Market. The Do Nothing Democrats don’t care!
...never be allowed to roll into a winter showtrial. Indeed, allowing a long, drawn out trial in the Senate would merely validate and perpetuate the fraud begun in the House. The crisis is of the Democrats own making, and it’s up to Republicans to make sure this never happens....
The Do Nothing Democrats have gone Crazy. Very bad for USA! 
"The Democrats have been on this path for 3 years. The first headline I saw...before the President was sworn in was that the Impeachment process was beginning...so this is just further evidence that this is what they had in mind from the very beginning." senatemajldr 
My friend Mike Gov Dunleavy of the Great State of Alaska, is being treated very unfairly by the Democrats because he is doing an unbelievable job and fulfilling every one of his promises. Now they are trying to Recall him because his agenda is the Economy, Jobs, and protecting...
...our Military, 2nd Amendment, Energy, and so many other things that the Democrats don’t care about. Please stop the Dems from hurting a very good and hard-working man!  
“Our Country cannot afford for the Democrats in Congress to take a one year vacation from any productive legislation just because they would rather obsess over Impeachment. ISIS and other radical terrorists are not going to hit the pause button because Democrats won’t fund......
“Precisely the same program that the Democrats are trying to  Impeach President Trump for supposedly slow walking, tomorrow, right here in the Senate, they (the Dems) say they’re going to filibuster for the exact same program.” senatemajldr Mitch Mc Connell. Do Nothing Democrats!
Republicans are very unified and energized in our fight on the Impeachment Hoax with the Do Nothing Democrats, and now  are starting to go after the Substance even more than the very infair Process because just a casual reading of the Transcript leads EVERYBODY to see that.....
 Democrats go 4+ weeks with a secretive, free for all, no rules impeachment process—and now try to save face with a shor…
 Adam Schiff wants to impeach Real Donald Trump for not going along with the “impeachment” inquiry that even Democrats ha…
 Once again, Speaker Pelosi proves that Democrats have no intention of giving realdonaldtrump a fair shake in this "im…
The Do Nothing Democrats are working hard to make everyone forget the Best Economy Ever, the monumental weekend raid, Tax Cuts, the Rebuilding of our Military, etc. The Impeachment Hoax is a disgrace. Read the transcript!
 While Democrats continue to leak false narratives, here’s what the actual witness interviews would show you:   - No aid…
 Democrats have undermined the fairness of this unauthorized impeachment inquisition of POTUS real Donald Trump with the…
 House Democrats now suddenly saying they'll vote on an impeachment resolution to “ensure transparency” is rich—consider…
 A live look at House Democrats trying to impeach President real Donald Trump. First Russia, then obstruction, now Ukraine. De…
 A vote now is a bit like un-Ringing a bell as House Democrats have selectively leaked information in order to damage P…
 We’ve just learned House Democrats are moving the public impeachment hearings to the Intelligence Committee — taking it…
 I’m happy that House Democrats finally decided to hold a vote to open up a formal impeachment inquisition of POTUS re…
 “Democrats counter that Republicans are complaining about process because they can’t address the substance. But process…
Can you believe that Shifty Adam Schiff, the biggest leaker in D.C., and a corrupt politician, is upset that we didn’t inform him before we raided and killed the 1 terrorist in the WORLD!? Wouldn’t be surprised if the Do Nothing Democrats Impeach me over that! DRAIN THE SWAMP!!
 Democrats just announced that they no longer want the Whistleblower to testify. But everything was about the Whistlebl…
My lawyers should sue the Democrats and Shifty Adam Schiff for fraud!
Democrats just announced that they no longer want the Whistleblower to testify. But everything was about the Whistleblower (they no longer want the second Whistleblower either), which they don’t want because the account of my call bore NO RELATIONSHIP to the call itself.....
....The entire Impeachment Scam was based on my perfect Ukrainian call, and the Whistleblowers account of that call, which turned out to be false (a fraud?). Once I released the actual call, their entire case fell apart. The Democrats must end this Scam now. Witch Hunt!
I appreciate the support of Senator Lindsey Graham, Senate Maj Ldr Mitch Mc Connell, and their Great Senate Republican colleagues, on the resolution condemning the Do Nothing Democrats for their Witch Hunt Impeachment inquiry, behind closed doors....
 House Democrats continue to take unprecedented steps in their closed-door impeachment charade.   Lindsey Graham SC is rig…
 Breaking Poll: 52% Say Impeachment Is Political Stunt by Democrats - 59% Say It's a Waste of Time Dan Scavino Real Donal…
 Democrats have no concern for the rules.   Pelosi violates House rules and her majority gives her a free pass.  Schiff…
 The only reason Adam Schiff is conducting these unclassified interviews in a SCIF is to allow Democrats to control the narrat…
 Democrats are trying to use the natural advantage they have with the mainstream media to have secret interviews and selec…
 Democrats: Searching for any possible reason to impeach real Donald Trump and undo the results of the 2016 election - and doing…
 Nancy Pelosi and her Do-Nothing Democrats have approved more subpoenas to investigate President Trump than they have written…
It would be really great if the people within the Trump Administration, all well-meaning and good (I hope!), could stop hiring Never Trumpers, who are worse than the Do Nothing Democrats. Nothing good will ever come from them!
Never Trumper Republican John Bellinger, represents Never Trumper Diplomat Bill Taylor (who I don’t know), in testimony before Congress! Do Nothing Democrats allow Republicans Zero Representation, Zero due process, and Zero Transparency....
 Democrats are trying to deny Republican Members of Congress access to Schiff's secret impeachment proceedings. What are t…
The Never Trumper Republicans, though on respirators with not many left, are in certain ways worse and more dangerous for our Country than the Do Nothing Democrats. Watch out for them, they are human scum!
 It’s simple. The American people deserve transparency, yet House Democrats continue to ram through their impeachment investig…
Republicans are going to fight harder than ever to win back the House because of what the Do Nothing Democrats have done to our Country!
 Myth: Democrats aren’t impeaching Real Donald Trump because of politics. This is about Ukraine.  Fact: Democrats introdu…
 The only value Hunter Biden brought to the table was access to his father, then-VP Joe Biden.  Democrats and the media d…
 Remember when Democrats called the extra money in Americans' wallets thanks to President real Donald Trump's economic polici…
 The economy is booming, a fantastic trade deal is waiting for a vote, yet DC Democrats are only focused on their ridicul…
 Democrats think impeachment is their only hope for 2020.  They will NEVER beat real Donald Trump on policy or merit and they…
The Democrats Scam goes on and on! They Do Nothing! 
“The Democrats are trying to draw out this inquiry because they don’t have the support. Donald Trump is guilty only of winning the 2016 Election.” MZHemingway foxandfriends
 It is disappointing that House Democrats blocked a vote to condemn and censure Chairman Adam Schiff for lying to the Amer…
 Tonight, I joined Steve Scalise, Rep Andy Biggs AZ, and House GOP in voting to censure Rep. Adam Schiff.   Of course, Democrats…
 The resolution to Censure Schiff failed on the floor tonight.  I guess Democrats are okay with Adam Schiff:  ▪️ Spreading…
 Nancy Pelosi and Adam Schiff have both become embarrassingly dishonest. They, along with the rest of the House Democrats,…
Doral in Miami would have been the best place to hold the G-7, and free, but too much heat from the Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats and their Partner, the Fake News Media! I’m surprised that they allow me to give up my $400,000 Plus Presidential Salary! We’ll find someplace else!
“To the Democrats, Impeachment is partisan politics dressed up as principle.” Steve Hiltonx Fox News
This Scam going on right now by the Democrats against the Republican Party, and me, was all about a perfect phone call I had with the Ukrainian President. He’s already stated, NO PRESSURE! Where is the Whistleblower, or the 2nd Whistleblower, or the “informant?” All gone.....
....fiction to Congress and the American People?  I demand his deposition. He is a fraud, just like the Russia Hoax was, and the Ukraine Hoax is now. When do the Do Nothing Democrats pay a price for what they are doing to our Country, and when do the Republicans finally fight back?
Crooked Hillary Clinton just called the respected environmentalist and Green Party candidate, Jill Stein, a “Russian Asset.” They need a Green Party more than ever after looking at the Democrats disastrous environmental program!
 We've seen a huge spike in enthusiasm since Democrats like Elissa Slotkin and Haley Stevens backed Pelosi's bogus impeac…
 It's no surprise that far-left Democrats like Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Illhan Omar support Senator Bernie Sanders for Presiden…
 “The radical Democrats want to destroy America as we know it.” – real Donald Trump   We won’t let that happen!  …
“I don’t see anything that constitutes an Impeachable offense - Nothing here rises to the level of Impeachment. The Democrats are making a mistake with this secrecy.” Kenn Starr, former Special Prosecutor
 The Democrats are trying to conduct their “impeachment” inquiry in secret.   We’ll see about that . . . …
Such a disgrace that the Do Nothing Democrats are doing just as their name suggests, Doing Nothing! USMCA anyone?
Pelosi and Impeachment - There have already been 3 Votes, and they’ve all failed miserably. Here’s why there may not be a fourth - 137 Democrats voted against on the last vote.” Jason Chaffetz  seanhannity  Many of those voting in favor will be beaten in 2020!
Can you believe I am doing this important work for our Country, and have to deal with Corrupt Adam Schiff and the Do Nothing Democrats at the same time? It was not intended to be this way for a President!
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker, the American Family, and the American Dream! KAG2020 
 House Democrats are engaged in “Soviet style” tactics in their effort to attack real Donald Trump.  So true, Steve Scalis…
 Washington Democrats have been engaged in a three-year-long impeachment parade in search of a rationale. Prominent House…
 Already, House Democrats’ impeachment “inquiry” is violating norms and precedent. They are denying Republicans and Presid…
I am the only person who can fight for the safety of our troops and bring them home from the ridiculous and costly Endless Wars, and be scorned. Democrats always liked that position, until I took it. Democrats always liked Walls, until I built them. Do you see what’s happening here?
Hope all House Republicans, and honest House Democrats, will vote to CENSURE Rep. Adam Schiff tomorrow for his brazen and unlawful act of fabricating (making up) a totally phony conversation with the Ukraine President and U.S. President, me. Most have never seen such a thing!
The Do Nothing Democrats, Pelosi and Schumer stormed out of the Cabinet Room! 
I’m fighting for the American people, but the Democrats’ sole focus is fighting against ME with their fraudulent Witch Hunt. Go to  and tell Democrats in Congress that Enough is Enough!
 Democrats are allowing no transparency at the Witch Hunt hearings. If Republicans ever did this they would be excoriat…
Just out: MEDIAN HOUSEHOLD INCOME IS AT THE HIGHEST POINT EVER, EVER, EVER! How about saying it this way, IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY! Also, MORE PEOPLE WORKING TODAY IN THE USA THAN AT ANY TIME IN HISTORY! Tough numbers for the Radical Left Democrats to beat! Impeach the Pres.
Democrats are allowing no transparency at the Witch Hunt hearings. If Republicans ever did this they would be excoriated by the Fake News. Let the facts come out from the charade of people, most of whom I do not know, they are interviewing for 9 hours each, not selective leaks.
“The Democrats are trashing this President, and in the process, trashing the U.S. Constitution. Frankly, the American People need to wake up to the reality that the Democrats are so drunk on power that they’re willing to destroy this Constitutional Republic.” Graham Ledger OANN
“Serial killers get more Due Process than the Democrats give to the President of the United States.” marklevinshow
The Democrats are going to lose a lot of House Seats because of their Fraudulent use of Impeachment. Schiff fabricated phone call, a crime. Democrat Senate Seats will also be put at risk, even some that were supposedly safe. Look at Louisiana last night, North Carolina last week!
Dealing with Lindsey Graham SC and many members of Congress, including Democrats, about imposing powerful Sanctions on Turkey. Treasury is ready to go, additional legislation may be sought. There is great consensus on this. Turkey has asked that it not be done. Stay tuned!
 Why won’t Democrats focus on helping the country, instead of attacking the President with this unfair and partisan process?
“I never saw so many subpoenas!” Shannon Bream  Fox News  The Democrats have gone Crazy. Just read the Transcript, or listen to the New Ukraine President’s statement, NO PRESSURE! This is a Democrat Con Job. Impeach Schiff for FRAUD!
 USMCA updates NAFTA to achieve goals that Democrats have long claimed to support. So what’s the holdup?  Yesterday, VP had…
The Do Nothing Democrats. Thanks Vicky! 
“Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky told reporters Thursday his controversial July call with President Trump involved no bribe, blackmail or quid pro quo, as impeachment-minded Democrats claim.” This should immediately end the talk of impeachment!  
....DACA stand, with all of its negative legal implications, the Republicans and Democrats will have a DEAL to let them stay in our Country, in very short order. It would actually benefit DACA, and be done the right way!
 Democrats are so busy “striking while the iron is hot” that they didn’t even have a vote to start their crazy impeachment p…
 Democrats are “deposing witnesses behind closed doors and denying Republicans fair time to ask questions and the right to call…
Great support from GOP in fighting the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats! 
The Do Nothing Democrats are Con Artists, only looking to hurt the Republican Party and President. Their total focus is 2020, nothing more, and nothing less. The good news is that WE WILL WIN!!!!
A Total Scam by the Do Nothing Democrats. For the good of the Country, this Wirch Hunt should end now! 
 The USMCA would create 176,000 jobs for American workers and generate $68 billion in wealth for America. House Democrats…
 Reminder that while House Democrats have spent basically their entire first year as a majority this Congress throwing a…
 This is why the democrats are so nervous. Because President realdonaldtrump is finally dialing in on the corruption and…
 “Democrats trying to impeach President Trump are misusing their authority”  
The Radical Left Democrats have failed on all fronts, so now they are pushing local New York City and State Democrat prosecutors to go get President Trump. A thing like this has never happened to any President before. Not even close!
“Incomes much higher under Trump than Bush, Obama.” foxandfriends And almost everything else is better also (except I am driving the Deep State, and the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, CRAZY)!
 It’s not right Democrats in the House helped the whistleblower prepare their complaint.    
DONOTHINGDEMOCRATS
The Democrats are lucky that they don’t have any Mitt Romney types. They may be lousy politicians, with really bad policies (Open Borders, Sanctuary Cities etc.), but they stick together!
The Do Nothing Democrats are being exposed! 
 Fox News’ Gregg Jarrett exposes Joe Biden’s *obvious* Corruption and why Congressional Democrats’ push for impeachment is…
 This is real reason why Washington Democrats are trying to impeach.  It's because the results keep coming. And they're…
 Proven liar Adam Schiff is running the Democrats’ impeachment scheme against real Donald Trump.  Schiff’s Record: - Collus…
I’m hearing that the Great People of Utah are considering their vote for their Pompous Senator, Mitt Romney, to be a big mistake. I agree! He is a fool who is playing right into the hands of the Do Nothing Democrats! IMPEACHMITTROMNEY
Not only are the Do Nothing Democrats interfering in the 2020 Election, but they are continuing to interfere in the 2016 Election. They must be stopped!
“It isn’t often I get angry at the dirty politics of the Democrats in Congress, but this time I am enraged and hope this impeachment charade will backfire on Reps. Pelosi and Schiff, and the Democrats. I have read thoroughly the telephone conversation between Trump and the President...
....of Ukraine, and cannot find any reason to charge the President with high crimes and misdemeanors. This is just a phony Witch Hunt, perpetuated by Democrats to get rid of Trump because they cannot beat him in a fair election.”  Richard Ketay
The Do Nothing Democrats don’t have time to get it done! 
“This is yet again an example of Democrats projecting THEIR criminal acts on President Trump. President Trump is an innocent man. It is a lawless coup attempt against a duly elected President.” replouiegohmert Breitbart News
 Franklin Graham calls for prayer to 'change hearts' of Democrats - A call to pray for our Nation and its healing❣️⁦real Don…
DEMOCRATS WANT TO STEAL THE ELECTION! KAG2020 
The Do Nothing Democrats should be focused on building up our Country, not wasting everyone’s time and energy on BULLSHIT, which is what they have been doing ever since I got overwhelmingly elected in 2016, 223-306. Get a better candidate this time, you’ll need it!
Democrats are trying to undo the Election regardless of FACTS! 
Nancy Pelosi just said that she is interested in lowering prescription drug prices and working on the desperately needed USMCA. She is incapable of working on either. It is just camouflage for trying to win an election through impeachment. The Do Nothing Democrats are stuck in mud!
All of this impeachment nonsense, which is going nowhere, is driving the Stock Market, and your 401K’s, down. But that is exactly what the Democrats want to do. They are willing to hurt the Country, with only the 2020 Election in mind!
“Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats haven’t met the standards of impeachment. They have to be very careful here.” Jeanne Zaino. Fox News
All the Do Nothing Democrats are focused on is Impeaching the President for having a very good conversation with the Ukrainian President. I knew that many people were listening, even have a transcript. They have been at this “stuff” from the day I got elected. Bad for Country!
 Democrats want to stop Barr from investigating what happened in 2016. SPOT ON.  As we have been saying on ⁦Mornings Mar…
  this is why the democrats are ramping up.  They know this is coming.  This is the biggest scand…
 House Democrats should stop delaying and put the country first by passing the USMCA trade deal, write senatemajldr and…
“China Trade Turmoil: China Urging a CALM AND RATIONAL Solution.” Maria Bartiromo Fox Business China is doing very poorly while the USA, under your favorite President’s leadership, continues to soar to new heights - and, despite the Do Nothing Democrats, we have just begun!
“This is about proving that Donald Trump was framed by the Democrats.” Rudy Giuliani 
....If the Democrats are successful in removing the President from office (which they will never be), it will cause a Civil War like fracture in this Nation from which our Country will never heal.” Pastor Robert Jeffress, Fox News
....rid of Donald J. Trump - And the Democrats don’t care if they burn down and destroy this nation in the process. I have never seen the Evangelical Christians more angry over any issue than this attempt to illegitimately remove this President from office, overturn the 2016....
....Election, and negate the votes of millions of Evangelicals in the process. They know the only Impeachable offense that President Trump has committed was beating Hillary Clinton in 2016. That’s the unpardonable sin for which the Democrats will never forgive him.....
“Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats can’t put down the Impeachment match. They know they couldn’t beat him in 2016 against Hillary Clinton, and they’re increasingly aware of the fact that they won’t win against him in 2020, and Impeachment is the only tool they have to get....
....we are going to have an Election very shortly.” Rep. Jeff Van Drew, Democrat of New Jersey. foxandfriends  Thank you. Just another Witch Hunt by Nancy Pelosi and the Do Nothing Democrats!
These Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, are doing great harm to our Country. They are lying and cheating like never before in our Country’s history in order to destabilize the United States of America and it’s upcoming 2020 Election. They and the Fake News Media are Dangerous and Bad!
The Fake News doesn’t dare mention the corrupt Democrats! 
 Sen. Scott slams Democrats on impeachment: “the evidence does not matter” to Democrats  …
It is disgraceful what the Do Nothing Democrats are doing (the Impeachment Scam), but it is also disgraceful what they are NOT doing, namely, the USMCA vote, Prescription Drug Price Reduction, Gun Safety, Infrastructure, and much more!
The Democrats are now to be known as the DO NOTHING PARTY!
.....nice call with with the new President of Ukraine, it could not have been better or more honorable, and the Fake News Media and Democrats, working as a team, have fraudulently made it look bad. It wasn’t bad, it was very legal and very good. A continuing Witch Hunt!
So many lies by Sleepy Joe and the Do Nothing Democrats! 
THE DEMOCRATS ARE TRYING TO DESTROY THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AND ALL THAT IT STANDS FOR. STICK TOGETHER, PLAY THEIR GAME, AND FIGHT HARD REPUBLICANS. OUR COUNTRY IS AT STAKE!
 VP mike_pence: Democrats don't have an agenda, that's why they want to impeach real Donald Trump 
 “Democrats wrote to the Ukrainian government in May 2018 urging it to continue investigations into President Donald Tr…
 Are you saying the Democrats started an all out move towards impeachment without even seeing the transcript? .…
 “The Democrats have been talking about Impeaching Donald Trump since before he was inaugurated.” Steve Doocy  foxandf…
 There has been no President in the history of our Country who has been treated so badly as I have. The Democrats are f…
....taken out of Ukraine and China. Additionally, I demand transparency from Democrats that went to Ukraine and attempted to force the new President to do things that they wanted under the form of political threat.
 Nancy Pelosi should be embarrassed. The transcript debunks the Democrats’ false claims against President real Donald Trum…
 66-29 huge majority believes the Democrats should work w/    ⁦real Donald Trump⁩ to solve the nations problems rather than imp…
