“This guy (Peter Strzok) was organizing a coup to undo the 2016 election.” Rachel Campos-Duffy  Fox News  And he wasn’t the only one in that Administration. The greatest Witch Hunt in American history!
 President real Donald Trump is leading 5 Democrats for the 2020 presidential election , according to a USATODAY/ Suffolk_U…
 STU: "We are living in the best performing economy in the world. It's real Donald Trump's big reelection issue. The democrat…
NASDAQ UP 72.2% SINCE OUR GREAT 2016 ELECTION VICTORY! DOW UP 55.8%. The best is yet to come!
Broke all time Stock Market Record again today. 135 times since my 2016 Election Win. Thank you!
Thank you to Franklin Graham for stating that his father, the late great Billy Graham, voted for me in the 2016 Election. I know how pleased you are with the work we have all done together! 
 Truth is always based on facts.Obama Knew Everything and participated in election interference for decades. Started in Chica…
 Yes it is. And anyone who thinks this was ok because they didn’t want real Donald Trump to win the election must accept th…
 🚨 BREAKING 🚨 Democrats just signed their own pink slips by voting to undo the results of the 2016 election and impeach the d…
....had, while the Democrats are just looking out for elections. This President should just continue to fight like he’s always fought, for himself and for this Country. Continue to put forth policies like prescription drugs and trade policies. That’s what makes this President stand..
We support Jeanine Anez in Bolivia as she works to ensure a peaceful democratic transition through free elections. We denounce the ongoing violence and those that provoke it both in Bolivia and from afar. The U.S. stands with the people of the region for peace and democracy!
Congressional Do Nothing Democrats are being absolutely decimated in their districts on the subject of the Impeachment Hoax. People that voted for them are literally screaming in their faces. Crazy Nancy is finding defending Shifty Schiff harder than she thought! 2020Election
....trampled on our Constitution, and they have done irreparable harm to our Republic. The American people are going to speak up and speak out about this. I think this guarantees Trump’s re-election in 2020.”  Jason_Meister
....trampled on our Constitution, and they have done irreparable harm to our Republic. The American people are going to speak up and speak out about this. I think this guarantees Trump’s re-election in 2020.” Jason Meister
.....The Penalty Tariffs set for December 15th will not be charged because of the fact that we made the deal. We will begin negotiations on the Phase Two Deal immediately, rather than waiting until after the 2020 Election. This is an amazing deal for all. Thank you!
My Approval Rating in the Republican Party is 95%, a Record. Thank you! 2020Election
 Since the election, women have gained +4 Million jobs, 58.3% of all new jobs created! 👏
Great Rally in Pennsylvania last night. Congressman Lloyd Smucker (PA-11) was there and I informed him that he has my complete and total Endorsement for the upcoming 2020 Election. Lloyd has done a great job. I am with him all the way!  MAGA
 It’s really innovative how Adam Schiff and Jerry Nadler plan to protect the sanctity of our elections by insisting the last…
Just had a very good meeting with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and representatives of Russia. Discussed many items including Trade, Iran, North Korea, INF Treaty, Nuclear Arms Control, and Election Meddling. Look forward to continuing our dialogue in the near future! 
Nadler just said that I “pressured Ukraine to interfere in our 2020 Election.” Ridiculous, and he knows that is not true. Both the President and Foreign Minister of Ukraine said, many times, that there “WAS NO PRESSURE.” Nadler and the Dems know this, but refuse to acknowledge!
To Impeach a President who has proven through results, including producing perhaps the strongest economy in our country’s history, to have one of the most successful presidencies ever, and most importantly, who has done NOTHING wrong, is sheer Political Madness! 2020Election
 While Democrats are focused on undoing the 2016 election, President Trump is doing what he said.  Able-bodied adults withou…
....with the U.S. Presidential Election in November. North Korea, under the leadership of Kim Jong Un, has tremendous economic potential, but it must denuclearize as promised. NATO, China, Russia, Japan, and the entire world is unified on this issue!
 Democrat leaders have no clear vision for America besides trying to steal the 2020 election away from voters though thei…
 I had hoped that my colleagues across the aisle would want to hear all the facts before they undo the 2016 election, bu…
In the 3 decades before my election, NATO spending declined by two-thirds, and only 3 other NATO members were meeting their financial obligations. Since I took office, the number of NATO allies fulfilling their obligations more than DOUBLED, and NATO spending increased by $130B!
Democrats going back to their Districts for Thanksgiving are getting absolutely hammered by their constituents over the phony Impeachment Scam. Republicans will have a great 2020 Election!
 Re Collusion Hoax it’s not real Donald Trump denying Russia interfered w our 2016 election. It’s Democrats and house media…
 .Rep Stefanik just called out Democrats for their lies about Republican support in holding Russia accountable for election m…
.....President before. What they are doing is not legal. But I’m clean, and when I release my financial statement (my decision) sometime prior to Election, it will only show one thing - that I am much richer than people even thought - And that is a good thing. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
 .Speaker Pelosi and Rep Adam Schiff are trying to reverse a national election out of fear and hatred of something they don…
 AG Bill Barr: "Immediately after President Trump won election, opponents inaugurated what they call 'The Resistance' and they…
 Democrats didn’t like the outcome of the 2016 election, so now they’re trying to impeach real Donald Trump   KS02 ksleg h…
 Today, America will see one party try and overturn the constitutional election of a president of the United States of Amer…
....to hurt Donald Trump and we, the people that support him. The Left has never accepted the results of the 2016 Election. They never saw this coming. This is not just about President Trump. They hate everyone he is representing.” seanhannity Fox News  Sean the amazing warrior!
Election Night  Won 5 out of 6 elections in Kentucky, including 5 great candidates that I spoke for and introduced last night. Matt Bevin picked up at least 15 points in last days, but perhaps not enough (Fake News will blame Trump!). Winning in Mississippi Governor race!
KENTUCKY!    Get out today and VOTE for Matt Bevin and the entire Republican ticket!    MISSISSIPPI!    Get out today and VOTE for Tate Reeves and the entire Republican ticket!   Vote On Nov5 Election Day   Find your polling location below! 
 I hope everyone in the Great State of Virginia will get out and VOTE on Tuesday in all of the local and state election…
I hope everyone in the Great State of Virginia will get out and VOTE on Tuesday in all of the local and state elections to send a signal to D.C. that you want lower taxes, a strong Military, Border and 2nd Amendment, great healthcare, and must take care of our Vets. VOTE REPUBLICAN
“This is the biggest, most disgusting scandal, and it’s all on the Democrat  Party that has highjacked the Impeachment process, our tax dollars, the House of Representatives, to push their 2020 Election. That’s what’s going on.” marklevinshow  Cannot be said any better!
 After seven weeks of running a communist-style, ultra-partisan effort to undo the 2016 election results under the disguis…
MISSISSIPPI! There is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to get out and VOTE for our Great Republican nominee, Tate Reeves. Tate is Strong on Crime, tough on Illegal Immigration, and will protect your Second Amendment....
 Democrats: Searching for any possible reason to impeach real Donald Trump and undo the results of the 2016 election - and doing…
 52% majority says impeachment is political to stop real Donald Trump reelection only 36% legal 47%-33% say POTUS shudn’t coop…
 Since day one, the left has been on a mission to dispute, deny, and re-litigate the results of the 2016 election.  They are…
“The Democrats are trying to draw out this inquiry because they don’t have the support. Donald Trump is guilty only of winning the 2016 Election.” MZHemingway foxandfriends
 🚨IMPORTANT🚨  This is the most crucial statistic of the 2020 election:    Average American middle class household income:…
 Since the election of President Trump, the U.S. has added 6.4 million jobs, including 500,000 in the manufacturing sect…
 While Dems in Congress have been trying to overturn the will of the American people by reversing Election Day 2016, our Admin will…
Mississippi, there is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to Get Out and Vote for our Great Republican nominee, Tate Reeves. Tate is strong on Crime, tough on Illegal Immigration, and will protect your Second Amendment....
Former Democrat Senator Harry Reid just stated that Donald Trump is very smart, much more popular than people think, is underestimated, and will be hard to beat in the 2020 Election. Thank you Harry, I agree!
 VDH: "The only Trump 'crime' was in his winning an election he was not supposed to win." 
 Dollars are the real polls right now.   We’re DOUBLE where President Obama was at this point in his re-election.   Ameri…
Not only are the Do Nothing Democrats interfering in the 2020 Election, but they are continuing to interfere in the 2016 Election. They must be stopped!
 BREAKING: The whistleblower is a registered Democrat and CIA analyst who was detailed before the 2016 election to the Obama…
....of Ukraine, and cannot find any reason to charge the President with high crimes and misdemeanors. This is just a phony Witch Hunt, perpetuated by Democrats to get rid of Trump because they cannot beat him in a fair election.”  Richard Ketay
“They (Do Nothing Dems) are trying to nullify an election...” Joe di Genova 
ELECTION INTERFERENCE!
 The Texas Success Story... Since the election: ⭐️ Employment ⬆️ by 6.4% = 774,000 NEW jobs    ⭐️Manufacturing employment…
DEMOCRATS WANT TO STEAL THE ELECTION! KAG2020 
Mississippi, there is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to Get Out and Vote for our Great Republican nominee, Tate Reeves. Tate is strong on Crime, tough on Illegal Immigration, and will protect your Second Amendment....
Democrats are trying to undo the Election regardless of FACTS! 
Nancy Pelosi just said that she is interested in lowering prescription drug prices and working on the desperately needed USMCA. She is incapable of working on either. It is just camouflage for trying to win an election through impeachment. The Do Nothing Democrats are stuck in mud!
All of this impeachment nonsense, which is going nowhere, is driving the Stock Market, and your 401K’s, down. But that is exactly what the Democrats want to do. They are willing to hurt the Country, with only the 2020 Election in mind!
You cannot judge my Stock Market performance since the Inauguration, which was very good, but only from the day after the big Election Win, which was spectacular due to the euphoria of getting Obama/Biden OUT, and getting Trump/Pence IN. Went I up BIG between Nov. 9 and Inauguration!
....they made this whole thing up. Impeachment is also a pre-emptive strike for what they think is coming on the Obama Administration’s handling of the 2016 Election.” Jim Mc Laughlin, highly respected pollster. Wash Times Fox News
....Election, and negate the votes of millions of Evangelicals in the process. They know the only Impeachable offense that President Trump has committed was beating Hillary Clinton in 2016. That’s the unpardonable sin for which the Democrats will never forgive him.....
....we are going to have an Election very shortly.” Rep. Jeff Van Drew, Democrat of New Jersey. foxandfriends  Thank you. Just another Witch Hunt by Nancy Pelosi and the Do Nothing Democrats!
These Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, are doing great harm to our Country. They are lying and cheating like never before in our Country’s history in order to destabilize the United States of America and it’s upcoming 2020 Election. They and the Fake News Media are Dangerous and Bad!
 Sen. Cruz: Congressional Dems “are angry about the 2016 election…angry at the voters”  …
 Yikes! I guess the Dems no longer want to do anything about election interference. 
 Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky says he doesn't want to be involved in US elections and he didn't feel "pushed" during…
Great new book by the brilliant Andrew Mc Carthy, BALL OF COLLUSION, THE PLOT TO RIG AN ELECTION AND DESTROY A PRESIDENCY. Get it, and some other great new books which I will soon be recommending. They tell you about the Crooked Pols and the Witch Hunt that has now been exposed!
"They (Dems) are scrambling for a theme and narrative. They've gone everywhere from Russian Hoax to Russian Collusion...and now they've come to this...they think they should have won the 2016 election, they think in their bizarre brains that they did..." 
“When someone gets nominated overwhelmingly, and then wins the Election, as he did, then he gets to set the National Agenda. The press is just outrages. This nytimes story is the most irresponsible thing I’ve ever seen.” Ed Rollins Lou Dobbs  I agree. They also lose too much!
 Heading to sunny California today! Since President real Donald Trump’s election, 870,000 jobs have been ADDED and the unemploy…
....between our two countries. I look forward to continuing those discussions after the Israeli Elections when we meet at the United Nations later this month!
The two big Congressional wins in North Carolina on Tuesday, Dan Bishop and Greg Murphy, have reverberated all over the World. They showed a lot of people how strong the Republican Party is, and how well it is doing. 2020 is a big, and very important, Election. We will WIN!
“Dems have never gotten over the fact that President Trump won the Election!” GOPLeader Mc Carthy
In a hypothetical poll, done by one of the worst pollsters of them all, the Amazon Washington Post/ABC, which predicted I would lose to Crooked Hillary by 15 points (how did that work out?), Sleepy Joe, Pocahontas and virtually all others would beat me in the General Election....
ABC/Washington Post Poll was the worst and most inaccurate poll of any taken prior to the 2016 Election. When my lawyers protested, they took a 12 point down and brought it to almost even by Election Day. It was a Fake Poll by two very bad and dangerous media outlets. Sad!
 The Alabama Success story:  Since the Trump election..  👍🏻The unemployment rate has fallen 2.5% and reached an all time lo…
...but then he ran for Congress and won, only to lose his re-elect after I Tweeted my endorsement, on Election Day, for his opponent. But now take heart, he is back, and running for President of the United States. The Three Stooges, all badly failed candidates, will give it a go!
“Absolutely nothing is more important than going back and getting to the bottom of the origins of the investigation. We had an administration using America’s Spying Apparatus to spy on a political opponent at the height of a presidential election. Those are all known, undisputed...
Since my election, many trillions of dollars of worth has been created for our Country, and the Stock Market is up over 50%. If you followed the advice of the Failing New York Times columnist, Paul Krugman, you’d be doing VERY poorly - you’d be angry and hurt. He never got it!
“We hold that legislative prayer is government speech not open to attack via those channels.” Third Circuit, Court of Appeals. “Lou, that’s why this next Election is so important, the soul of America. They want to take religion out of American lives. Thank God for judges like....
 Unreal: the fmr Fed Chair is lobbying the Fed to use its authority to meddle in the election to defeat real Donald Trump.…
The Great State of North Carolina has EARLY VOTING for a very important Congressional (Ninth) race. Please vote early (now), or on Election Day, September 10th, for Dan Bishop, a great guy. His opponent wants Open Borders, Sanctuary Cities and is weak on Crime, Military and Vets!
My Stock Market gains must be judged from the day after the Election, November 9, 2016, where the Market went up big after the win, and because of the win. Had my opponent won, CRASH!
....bad Economic times, the worse the better, anything to make my Election more difficult to win. Well, we are having very good meetings, the Leaders are getting along very well, and our Country, economically, is doing great - the talk of the world!
Other good polls also in fifties, despite only Fake News, and then phony polls by A.P., CNN, NBC and, as always, Fox, who were WAY OFF on 2016 Election! 
..willing to lose their wealth, or a big part of it, just for the possibility of winning the Election. But it won’t work because I always find a way to win, especially for the people! The greatest political movement in the history of our Country will have another big win in 2020!
 Wow, Report Just Out! Google manipulated from 2.6 million to 16 million votes for Hillary Clinton in 2016 Election! Th…
 Since election day, businesses large and small have created more than 6.2 MILLION jobs and the unemployment rate is at a 50-year lo…
Wow, Report Just Out! Google manipulated from 2.6 million to 16 million votes for Hillary Clinton in 2016 Election! This was put out by a Clinton supporter, not a Trump Supporter! Google should be sued. My victory was even bigger than thought! Judicial Watch
Our Economy is very strong, despite the horrendous lack of vision by Jay Powell and the Fed, but the Democrats are trying to “will” the Economy to be bad for purposes of the 2020 Election.  Very Selfish! Our dollar is so strong that it is sadly hurting other parts of the world...
Congratulations to Patrick Yoes for his election as National President of the great Fraternal Order of Police. Together we will fight for our incredible Law Enforcement Officers!
The Fake News Media is doing everything they can to crash the economy because they think that will be bad for me and my re-election. The problem they have is that the economy is way too strong and we will soon be winning big on Trade, and everyone knows that, including China!
No debate on Election Security should go forward without first agreeing that Voter ID (Identification) must play a very strong part in any final agreement. Without Voter ID, it is all so meaningless!
Scaramucci, who like so many others had nothing to do with my Election victory, is only upset that I didn’t want him back in the Administration (where he desperately wanted to be). Also, I seldom had time to return his many calls to me. He just wanted to be on TV!
..TV talent. Then, during the 2016 Election, I would watch as Joe Scarborough and his very angry Psycho wife(?) would push Donny to the point of total humiliation. He would never fight back because he wanted to stay on TV, even on a very low rated show, all in the name of ambition!
....I am so amazed that MSNBC and CNN can keep putting on, over and over again, people that have no idea what I am all about, and yet they speak as experts on “Trump.” Same people since long before the 2016 Election, and how did that work out for the Haters and Losers. Not well!
.sundarpichai of Google was in the Oval Office working very hard to explain how much he liked me, what a great job the Administration is doing, that Google was not involved with China’s military, that they didn’t help Crooked Hillary over me in the 2016 Election, and that they...
... are NOT planning to illegally subvert the 2020 Election despite all that has been said to the contrary. It all sounded good until I watched Kevin Cernekee, a Google engineer, say terrible things about what they did in 2016 and that they want to “Make sure that Trump losses...
....are NOT planning to illegally subvert the 2020 Election despite all that has been said to the contrary. It all sounded good until I watched Kevin Cernekee, a Google engineer, say terrible things about what they did in 2016 and that they want to “Make sure that Trump losses...
sundarpichai of Google was in the Oval Office working very hard to explain how much he liked me, what a great job the Administration is doing, that Google was not involved with China’s military, that they didn’t help Crooked Hillary over me in the 2016 Election, and that they...
“It’s political season and the election is around the corner. They want to continue to push that racist narrative.” ainsleyearhardt foxandfriends  And I am the least racist person. Black, Hispanic and Asian Unemployment is the lowest (BEST) in the history of the United States!
Check out what Google is up to for the 2020 election! KAG2020 
Budget Deal is phenomenal for our Great Military, our Vets, and Jobs, Jobs, Jobs! Two year deal gets us past the Election. Go for it Republicans, there is always plenty of time to CUT!
If I hadn’t won the 2016 Election, we would be in a Great Recession/Depression right now. The people I saw on stage last night, and you can add in Sleepy Joe, Harris, and the rest, will lead us into an economic sinkhole the likes of which we have never seen before. With me, only up!
 Sen Schumer senatemajldr DEMOCRATS ARE THE ONLY ONES INTERFERING IN OUR ELECTIONS. 🤨 WHY DO YOU THINK THEY SO STRONGL…
 I spoke on the Senate floor today about my extensive record of standing up to Russia, election security, and why we won’t…
..My team is negotiating with them now, but they always change the deal in the end to their benefit. They should probably wait out our Election to see if we get one of the Democrat stiffs like Sleepy Joe. Then they could make a GREAT deal, like in past 30 years, and continue
New Poll: The Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in predicting the 2016 Election, has just announced that “Trump” numbers have recently gone up by four points, to 50%. Thank you to the vicious young Socialist Congresswomen. America will never buy your act!  MAGA2020
Here we go with the Fake Polls. Just like what happened with the Election against Crooked Hillary Clinton. ABC, NBC, CNN, nytimes, washingtonpost, they all got it wrong, on purpose. Suppression Polls so early? They will never learn!
 Judicial Watch's latest press release on CA cleaning up 1.5M names on the voter rolls is a step towards cleaner election…
 It’s a fact: The Trump administration, hand-in-hand with the Senate has punched back hard at Russian election interferenc…
 Increased agency coordination. Millions of dollars in direct aid to state election officials. Updating election systems.…
"EXPOSING THE REAL 2016 ELECTION SCANDAL!" 
The Pledge of Allegiance to our great Country, in St. Louis Park, Minnesota, is under siege. That is why I am going to win the Great State of Minnesota in the 2020 Election. People are sick and tired of this stupidity and disloyalty to our wonderful USA!
Democrats are coming after our great Kentucky Senator, Mitch Mc Connell, with someone who compared my election to September 11th....
....healthcare (Obamacare) to stay in place, when it would have been replaced by something far better, shows how incredibly important our upcoming 2020 Election is. I have long heard that the appointment of Supreme Court Justices is a President’s most important decision. SO TRUE!
 Joe Biden claims Russian election interference wouldn’t have happened on his watch or Obama’s watch.   Seriously, Joe?? I…
....As well as we are doing from the day after the great Election, when the Market shot right up, it could have been even better - massive additional wealth would have been created, and used very well. Our most difficult problem is not our competitors, it is the Federal Reserve!
Today’s Stock Market is the highest in the history of our great Country! This is the 104th time since the Election of 2016 that we have reached a NEW HIGH. Congratulations USA!
The Stock Market went up massively from the day after I won the Election, all the way up to the day that I took office, because of the enthusiasm for the fact that I was going to be President. That big Stock Market increase must be credited to me. If Hillary won - a Big Crash!
Since Election Day 2016, Stocks up almost 50%, Stocks gained 9.2 Trillion Dollars in value, and more than 5,000,000 new jobs added to the Economy. Lou Dobbs If our opponent had won, there would have been a market crash, plain and simple! Tucker Carlson seanhannity Ingraham Angle
Don’t ever forget - this election is about YOU. It is about YOUR family, YOUR future, and the fate of YOUR COUNTRY. We begin our campaign with the best record, the best results, the best agenda, and the only positive VISION for our Country’s future! Trump2020 
Almost 70% in new Poll say don’t impeach. So ridiculous to even be talking about this subject when all of the crimes were committed by the other side. They can’t win the election fairly!
“With over a 50% Approval Rating at this point in his Presidency, analysts believe re-election in 2020 looks (very) promising!” OANN  Hey, we have accomplished more than any President in the first 2 1/2 years, WHY NOT?
 Trump wins historic landslide election.  Democrats - "Russia did it."  Trump sets economic records.  Democrats - "Obama di…
Great progress being made in our Trade Negotiations with Japan. Agriculture and beef heavily in play. Much will wait until after their July elections where I anticipate big numbers!
....during the 2016 Presidential election. The Attorney General has also been delegated full and complete authority to declassify information pertaining to this investigation, in accordance with the long-established standards for handling classified information....
....Today’s action will help ensure that all Americans learn the truth about the events that occurred, and the actions that were taken, during the last Presidential election and will restore confidence in our public institutions.” Press Sec
Congratulations to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his BJP party on their BIG election victory! Great things are in store for the US-India partnership with the return of PM Modi at the helm. I look forward to continuing our important work together!
 Megan King, who is running for Superior Court Judge in the Pennsylvania election, has my Full and Total Endorsement. S…
Megan King, who is running for Superior Court Judge in the Pennsylvania election, has my Full and Total Endorsement. She is tough on crime and fully understands all aspects of the law. Vote for Megan tomorrow (Tuesday).
Will the Democrats give our Country a badly needed immigration win before the election? Good chance!
....so that they will be more competitive for USA buyers. We are now a much bigger economy than China, and have substantially increased in size since the great 2016 Election. We are the “piggy bank” that everyone wants to raid and take advantage of. NO MORE!
Think of it. I became President of the United States in one of the most hard fought and consequential elections in the history of our great nation. From long before I ever took office, I was under a sick and unlawful investigation concerning what has become known as the Russian....
I think that China felt they were being beaten so badly in the recent negotiation that they may as well wait around for the next election, 2020, to see if they could get lucky and have a Democrat win - in which case they would continue to rip-off the USA for $500 Billion a year....
I won the 2016 Election partially based on no Tax Returns while I am under audit (which I still am), and the voters didn’t care. Now the Radical Left Democrats want to again relitigate this matter. Make it a part of the 2020 Election!
 We've added 6 MILLION jobs since real Donald Trump’s election, unemployment is at record lows and wages are on the rise.  O…
 The real Donald Trump re-election campaign has reported more female donors than any other candidate – and it’s not even c…
“This British Spy, Christopher Steele, tried so hard to get this (the Fake Dossier) out before the Election. Why?”  kilmeade foxandfriends
 Hillary Clinton is STILL claiming the election was “stolen” from her.   It wasn’t.  She had a failed message and complet…
He wants to impeach because they can’t win election. Sad! 
“Democrat Texas Congressman Al Green says impeachment is the only thing that can prevent President Trump from re-election in 2020.” OANN  In other words, Dems can’t win the election fairly. You can’t impeach a president for creating the best economy in our country’s history.....
Why didn’t President Obama do something about Russia in September (before November Election) when told by the FBI? He did NOTHING, and had no intention of doing anything!
If the Democrats don’t give us the votes to change our weak, ineffective and dangerous Immigration Laws, we must fight hard for these votes in the 2020 Election!
I wonder if the New York Times will apologize to me a second time, as they did after the 2016 Election. But this one will have to be a far bigger and  better apology. On this one they will have to get down on their knees and beg for forgiveness-they are truly the Enemy of the People!
 Joe Biden has been losing presidential elections since the 1980s.    2020 will be no different.   Biden will have to ans…
Anything the Russians did concerning the 2016 Election was done while Obama was President. He was told about it and did nothing! Most importantly, the vote was not affected.
 Today, we’re officially launching our re-election campaign. Check out our first video below and visit our new website here:…
The forgotten voters of the 2016 Election are now doing great. The Steel Industry is rebuilding and expanding at a pace that it hasn’t seen in decades. Our Country has one of the best Economies in many years, perhaps ever. Unemployment numbers best in 51 years. Wow!
....When I won the Election in 2016, the nytimes had to beg their fleeing subscribers for forgiveness in that they covered the Election (and me) so badly. They didn’t have a clue, it was pathetic. They even apologized to me. But now they are even worse, really corrupt reporting!
...This will be a great campaign issue. I never asked Mitch Mc Connell for a vote before the Election as has been incorrectly reported (as usual) in the nytimes, but only after the Election when we take back the House etc. Republicans will always support pre-existing conditions!
I was never planning a vote prior to the 2020 Election on the wonderful Health Care package that some very talented people are now developing for me and the Republican Party. It will be on full display during the Election as a much better and less expensive alternative to Obama Care...
....are developing a really great Health Care Plan with far lower premiums (cost) and deductibles than Obama Care. In other words it will be far less expensive and much more usable than Obama Care. Vote will be taken right after the Election when Republicans hold the Senate and win......
“No matter your ideologies or your loyalties, this is a good day for America. No American conspired to cooperate with Russia in its efforts to interfere with the 2016 election, according to Robert Mueller, and that is good.”  Bret Baier  Fox News
What the Democrats have done in trying to steal a Presidential Election, first at the “ballot box” and then, after that failed, with the “Insurance Policy,” is the biggest Scandal in the history of our Country!
So it was indeed (just proven in court papers) “last in his class” (Annapolis) John Mc Cain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He and the Dems, working together, failed (as usual). Even the Fake News refused this garbage!
So it was indeed (just proven in court papers) “last in his class” (Annapolis) John Mc Cain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He and the Dems, working together,  failed (as usual). Even the Fake News refused this garbage!
....Should Federal Election Commission and/or FCC look into this? There must be Collusion with the Democrats and, of course, Russia! Such one sided media coverage, most of it Fake News. Hard to believe I won and am winning. Approval Rating 52%, 93% with Republicans. Sorry!  MAGA
....should never have been appointed and there should be no Mueller Report. This was an illegal and conflicted investigation in search of a crime. Russian Collusion was nothing more than an excuse by the Democrats for losing an Election that they thought they were going to win.....
“Democrats are frantic to throw something else at the President. That’s why you saw those 81 subpoenas. It’s ridiculous. Just because your still upset over an election that happened 2 1/2 years ago, you should not be allowed to ruin people’s lives like this.” Lara Trump, Fox News
 Dear God, Thank you for answering our prayers. A grateful Nation  God Bless America🇺🇸 President Trump Election Day https://…
 BREAKING: Even Mueller's case against Russia itself, for interfering in the 2016 election, is breaking down
Democrats just blocked Fox News from holding a debate. Good, then I think I’ll do the same thing with the Fake News Networks and the Radical Left Democrats in the General Election debates!
“Now that the Dems are going to try and switch from Collusion to some other reason, it makes them continue to look like sore losers who didn’t accept the WILL OF THE PEOPLE in the last election - they will do anything to get rid of the President.” Ari Fleischer It will never work!
...said was a total lie, but Fake Media won’t show it. I am an innocent man being persecuted by some very bad, conflicted and corrupt people in a Witch Hunt that is illegal and should never have been allowed to start - And only because I won the Election! Despite this, great success!
 Since my election as President the Dow Jones is up 43% and the NASDAQ Composite almost 50%. Great news for your 401(k)…
...our foreign partners. Recovering American hostages is a priority of my Admin, and with Danny’s release, we have now secured freedom for 20 American captives since my election victory. We will not rest as we continue our work to bring the remaining American hostages back home!
Since my election as President the Dow Jones is up 43% and the NASDAQ Composite almost 50%. Great news for your 401(k)s as they continue to grow. We are bringing back America faster than anyone thought possible!
Had the opposition party (no, not the Media) won the election, the Stock Market would be down at least 10,000 points by now. We are heading up, up, up!
“....(The Witch Hunt) in time likely will become recognized as the greatest scandal in American political history, marking the first occasion in which the U.S. government bureaucrats sought to overturn an election (presidential)!” Victor Davis Hanson  And got caught! Fox News
“Trying to use the 25th Amendment to try and circumvent the Election is a despicable act of unconstitutional power grabbing...which happens in third world countries. You have to obey the law. This is an attack on our system and Constitution.” Alan Dershowitz. Tucker Carlson
“After The Flight 93 Election, The Vote That Saved America - And What We Still Have To Lose,” by very talented Michael Anton, is a terrific read. Check it out!
We have a great economy DESPITE the Obama Administration and all of its job killing Regulations and Roadblocks. If that thinking prevailed in the 2016 Election, the U.S. would be in a Depression right now! We were heading down, and don’t let the Democrats sound bites fool you!
The Democrats in Congress yesterday were vicious and totally showed their cards for everyone to see. When the Republicans had the Majority they never acted with such hatred and scorn! The Dems are trying to win an election in 2020 that they know they cannot legitimately win!
...It is all a GIANT AND ILLEGAL HOAX, developed long before the election itself, but used as an excuse by the Democrats as to why Crooked Hillary Clinton lost the Election! Someday the Fake News Media will turn honest and report that Donald J. Trump was actually a GREAT Candidate!
Ed Gillespie, who ran for Governor of the Great State of Virginia against Ralph Northam, must now be thinking Malpractice and Dereliction of Duty with regard to his Opposition Research Staff. If they find that terrible picture before the election, he wins by 20 points!
....about all of the one sided Fake Media coverage (collusion with Crooked H?) that I had to endure during my very successful presidential campaign. What about the now revealed bias by Facebook and many others. Roger Stone didn’t even work for me anywhere near the Election!
CBS reports that in the Roger Stone indictment, data was “released during the 2016 Election to damage Hillary Clinton.” Oh really! What about the Fake and Unverified “Dossier,” a total phony conjob, that was paid for by Crooked Hillary to damage me and the Trump Campaign? What...
Thank you to the Republican National Committee, (the RNC), who voted UNANIMOUSLY yesterday to support me in the upcoming 2020 Election. Considering that we have done more than any Administration in the first two years, this should be easy. More great things now in the works!
Many people are saying that the Mainstream Media will have a very hard time restoring credibility because of the way they have treated me over the past 3 years (including the election lead-up), as highlighted by the disgraceful Buzzfeed story and the even more disgraceful coverage!
 Dear God, Thank you for answering our prayers. A grateful Nation  God Bless America🇺🇸 President Trump Election Day https://…
 No one accused Obama of being a Russian agent after he asked for “more flexibility” until after the the election, or whe…
....I do have a plan on the Shutdown. But to understand that plan you would have to understand the fact that I won the election, and I promised safety and security for the American people. Part of that promise was a Wall at the Southern Border. Elections have consequences!
Economic numbers looking REALLY good. Can you imagine if I had long term ZERO interest rates to play with like the past administration, rather than the rapidly raised normalized rates we have today. That would have been SO EASY! Still, markets up BIG since 2016 Election!
 How do you impeach a president who has won perhaps the greatest election of all time, done nothing wrong (no Collusion…
How do you impeach a president who has won perhaps the greatest election of all time, done nothing wrong (no Collusion with Russia, it was the Dems that Colluded), had the most successful first two years of any president, and is the most popular Republican in party history 93%?
The Shutdown is only because of the 2020 Presidential Election. The Democrats know they can’t win based on all of the achievements of “Trump,” so they are going all out on the desperately needed Wall and Border Security - and Presidential Harassment. For them, strictly politics!
“MAGA list: 205 ‘historic results’ help Trump make case for 2020 re-election” 
Washington Examiner - “MAGA list: 205 ‘historic results’ help Trump make case for 2020 re-election.”  True!
I won an election, said to be one of the greatest of all time, based on getting out of endless and costly foreign wars and also based on Strong Borders which will keep our Country safe. We fight for the borders of other countries, but we won’t fight for the borders of our own!
 “Tomorrow, the voters of this state will cast their ballots in one of the most important Senate elections of your lives—of all of…
....starts today, election is on December 4th. Vote Brad Raff is tough on Crime and Borders, Loves our Military and Vets. He will be great for jobs!
I will be in Gulfport and Tupelo, Mississippi, on Monday night doing two Rallies for Senator Hyde-Smith, who has a very important Election on Tuesday. She is an outstanding person who is strong on the Border, Crime, Military, our great Vets, Healthcare and the 2nd A. Needed in D.C.
The Florida Election should be called in favor of Rick Scott and Ron De Santis in that large numbers of new ballots showed up out of nowhere, and many ballots are missing or forged. An honest vote count is no longer possible-ballots massively infected. Must go with Election Night!
Trying to STEAL two big elections in Florida! We are watching closely!
Just out — in Arizona, SIGNATURES DON’T MATCH. Electoral corruption - Call for a new Election? We must protect our Democracy!
Thank you marcorubio for helping to expose the potential corruption going on with respect to Election Theft in Broward and Palm Beach Counties. The WORLD is now watching closely!
In the 2016 Election I was winning by so much in Florida that Broward County, which was very late with vote tabulation and probably getting ready to do a “number,” couldn’t do it because not enough people live in Broward for them to falsify a victory!
Mayor Gillum conceded on Election Day and now Broward County has put him “back into play.” Bill Nelson conceded Election - now he’s back in play!? This is an embarrassment to our Country and to Democracy!
Rick Scott was up by 50,000+ votes on Election Day, now they “found” many votes and he is only up 15,000 votes. “The Broward Effect.” How come they never find Republican votes?
As soon as Democrats sent their best Election stealing lawyer, Marc Elias, to Broward County they miraculously started finding Democrat votes. Don’t worry, Florida - I am sending much better lawyers to expose the FRAUD!
You mean they are just now finding votes in Florida and Georgia – but the Election was on Tuesday? Let’s blame the Russians and demand an immediate apology from President Putin!
Law Enforcement is looking into another big corruption scandal having to do with Election Fraud in Broward and Palm Beach. Florida voted for Rick Scott!
To any of the pundits or talking heads that do not give us proper credit for this great Midterm Election, just remember two words - FAKE NEWS!
Those that worked with me in this incredible Midterm Election, embracing certain policies and principles, did very well. Those that did not, say goodbye! Yesterday was such a very Big Win, and all under the pressure of a Nasty and Hostile Media!
“There’s only been 5 times in the last 105 years that an incumbent President has won seats in the Senate in the off year election. Mr. Trump has magic about him. This guy has magic coming out of his ears. He is an astonishing vote getter and campaigner. The Republicans are.........
Law Enforcement has been strongly notified to watch closely for any ILLEGAL VOTING which may take place in Tuesday’s Election (or Early Voting). Anyone caught will be subject to the Maximum Criminal Penalties allowed by law. Thank you!
In all the time I’ve been President, almost two years, never once did Senator Bill Nelson call me to ask for help for the Great State of Florida. I never see him until election time....
Rumor has it that Senator Joe Donnelly of Indiana is paying for Facebook ads for his so-called opponent on the libertarian ticket. Donnelly is trying to steal the election? Isn’t that what Russia did!?
The Stock Market is up massively since the Election, but is now taking a little pause - people want to see what happens with the Midterms. If you want your Stocks to go down, I strongly suggest voting Democrat. They like the Venezuela financial model, High Taxes and Open Borders!
At stake in this Election is whether we continue the extraordinary prosperity we have achieved - or whether we let the Radical Democrat Mob take a giant wrecking ball to our Country and our Economy! Jobs Not Mobs 
 You can cast your ballot before Election Day in: ➡️KS ➡️NC ➡️TN Get out and vote ➡️  
 TONIGHT: POTUS talks 2020 election in an exclusive interview with trish_regan. Don't miss the full interview on 'Trish R…
The crowds at my Rallies are far bigger than they have ever been before, including the 2016 election. Never an empty seat in these large venues, many thousands of people watching screens outside. Enthusiasm and Spirit is through the roof. SOMETHING BIG IS HAPPENING - WATCH!
The Failing New York Times did something I have never seen done before. They used the concept of “time value of money” in doing a very old, boring and often told hit piece on me. Added up, this means that 97% of their stories on me are bad. Never recovered from bad election call!
Congratulations to my good friend Prime Minister Abe Shinzo on his HUGE election victory in Japan. I’m looking forward to many more years of working together. See you in New York next week!🇺🇸🇯🇵
“The recovery got started on Election Day 2016. It took Trump’s Tax Cuts and Regulation Cuts to get the economy booming. Before that it was the worst and slowest economic recovery since the Great Depression. It took just 6 months for Trump to get to 3%, even though they said.....
China has openly stated that they are actively trying to impact and change our election by attacking our farmers, ranchers and industrial workers because of their loyalty to me. What China does not understand is that these people are great patriots and fully understand that.....
Consumer Sentiment hit its highest level in 17 years this year. Sentiment fell 11% in 2015, an Obama year, and rose 16% since the Election, Trump Time!
“The President has absolutely demonstrated no wrongdoing whatsoever and that the Special Counsel has no evidence of any wrongdoing. In other words, it’s time to end this Witch Hunt.” Lou Dobbs   Russian “collusion” was just an excuse by the Democrats for having lost the Election!
If the Democrats had won the Election in 2016, GDP, which was about 1% and going down, would have been minus 4% instead of up 4.2%. I opened up our beautiful economic engine with Regulation and Tax Cuts. Our system was choking and would have been made worse. Still plenty to do!
“Trump has set Economic Growth on fire. During his time in office, the economy has achieved feats most experts thought impossible. GDP is growing at a 3 percent-plus rate. The unemployment rate is near a 50 year low.” CNBC...Also, the Stock Market is up almost 50% since Election!
Republicans are doing really well with the Senate Midterms. Races that we were not even thinking about winning are now very close, or even leading. Election night will be very interesting indeed!
So true! “Mr. Trump remains the single most popular figure in the Republican Party, whose fealty has helped buoy candidates in competitive Republican primaries and remains a hot commodity among general election candidates.”  Nicholas Fandos, nytimes
 .Rasmussen_Poll just came out at 48% approval rate despite the constant and intense Fake News. Higher than Election D…
The ABC/Washington Post Poll was by far the least accurate one 2 weeks out from the 2016 Election. I call it a suppression poll - but by Election Day they brought us, out of shame, to about even. They will never learn!
.Rasmussen_Poll just came out at 48% approval rate despite the constant and intense Fake News. Higher than Election Day and higher than President Obama. Rasmussen was one of the most accurate Election Day polls!
Big Election Wins last night! The Republican Party will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Actually, it is happening faster than anybody thought possible! It is morphing into KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Big story out that the FBI ignored tens of thousands of Crooked Hillary Emails, many of which are REALLY BAD. Also gave false election info. I feel sure that we will soon be getting to the bottom of all of this corruption. At some point I may have to get involved!
Our Economy is setting records on virtually every front - Probably the best our country has ever done. Tremendous value created since the Election. The World is respecting us again! Companies are moving back to the U.S.A.
The only thing that I have done wrong is to win an election that was expected to be won by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. The problem is, they forgot to campaign in numerous states!
....looking for trouble. They are enjoying ruining people’s lives and REFUSE to look at the real corruption on the Democrat side - the lies, the firings, the deleted Emails and soooo much more! Mueller’s Angry Dems are looking to impact the election. They are a National Disgrace!
“....An incredibly corrupt FBI and DOJ trying to steer the outcome of a Presidential Election. Brennan has gone off the deep end, he’s disgraced and discredited himself. His conduct has been outrageous.” Chris Farrell, Judicial Watch.
“I’d strip the whole bunch of them. They’re all corrupt. They’ve all abused their power. They’ve all betrayed the American people with a political agenda. They tried to steal and influence an election in the United States.” seanhannity
Mark Levin “When they had power they didn’t stop the Russians, the Chinese, the North Koreans, they funded the Iranians and are responsible for the greatest scandal in American history by interfering with our election and trying to undermine the Trump Campaign and Trump Presidency.”
Great Republican election results last night. So far we have the team we want. 8 for 9 in Special Elections. Red Wave!
“There has been no evidence whatsoever that Donald Trump or the campaign was involved in any kind of collusion to fix the 2016 election. In fact the evidence is the opposite, that Hillary Clinton and the Democrats colluded with the Russians to fix the 2016 election.” Graham Ledger
John James is a potential Republican Star who has a Senate primary election tomorrow in Michigan. If he becomes the Republican candidate, he will beat the Open Borders, weak on Crime, Democrat, Debbie Stabenow. Vote for John James and Make America Great Again!
 Troy Balderson, running for Congress from Ohio, is in a big Election fight with a candidate who just got caught lying…
Troy Balderson, running for Congress from Ohio, is in a big Election fight with a candidate who just got caught lying about his relationship with Nancy Pelosi, who is weak on Crime, Borders and your 2nd Amendment-and wants to raise your Taxes (by a lot). Vote for Troy on Tuesday!
Will be going to Ohio tonight to campaign for Troy Balderson for the big Congressional Special Election on Tuesday. Early voting is on. Troy is strong on Crime, the Border and loves our Military, Vets and 2nd Amendment. His opponent is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi/high taxes.
Almost 500,000 Manufacturing Jobs created since I won the Election. Remember when my opponents were saying that we couldn’t create this type of job anymore. Wrong, in fact these are among our best and most important jobs!
July is just the ninth month since 1970 that unemployment has fallen below 4%. Our economy has added 3.7 million jobs since I won the Election. 4.1 GDP. More than 4 million people have received a pay raise due to tax reform. $400 Billion brought back from “overseas.” Fox News
Looking forward to being in the Great State of Pennsylvania where we had a tremendous victory in the Election. Will be campaigning hard for an original supporter, Lou Barletta, to replace a weak an ineffective Senator, Bob Casey. Lou is tough and smart, loves PA and our Country!
“FBI Agent Peter Strzok (on the Mueller team) should have recused himself on day one. He was out to STOP THE ELECTION OF DONALD TRUMP. He needed an insurance policy. Those are illegal, improper goals, trying to influence the Election. He should never, ever been allowed to........
...your Social Security and Medicare! Cast your early vote, or vote on August 7th, Election Day. He has my full and total Endorsement!
I’m very concerned that Russia will be fighting very hard to have an impact on the upcoming Election. Based on the fact that no President has been tougher on Russia than me, they will be pushing very hard for the Democrats. They definitely don’t want Trump!
So President Obama knew about Russia before the Election. Why didn’t he do something about it? Why didn’t he tell our campaign? Because it is all a big hoax, that’s why, and he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win!!!
Troy Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress against a Nancy Pelosi Liberal who is WEAK on Crime and Borders. Troy is the total opposite, and loves our Military, Vets and 2nd Amendment. EARLY VOTING just started with Election Day on August 7th. Troy has my Full and Total Endorsement!
No Collusion, No Obstruction - but that doesn’t matter because the 13 Angry Democrats, who are only after Republicans and totally protecting Democrats, want this Witch Hunt to drag out to the November Election. Republicans better get smart fast and expose what they are doing!
The Rigged Witch Hunt, headed by the 13 Angry Democrats (and now 4 more have been added, one who worked directly for Obama W.H.), seems intent on damaging the Republican Party’s chances in the November Election. This Democrat excuse for losing the ‘16 Election never ends!
Farmers have been on a downward trend for 15 years. The price of soybeans has fallen 50% since 5 years before the Election. A big reason is bad (terrible) Trade Deals with other countries. They put on massive Tariffs and Barriers. Canada charges 275% on Dairy. Farmers will WIN!
3.4 million jobs created since our great Election Victory - far greater than ever anticipated, and only getting better as new and greatly improved Trade Deals start coming to fruition!
President Obama thought that Crooked Hillary was going to win the election, so when he was informed by the FBI about Russian Meddling, he said it couldn’t happen, was no big deal, and did NOTHING about it. When I won it became a big deal and the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by Strzok!
....Remember, it was Little Jeff Z and his people, who are told exactly what to say, who said I could not win the election in that “there was no way to 270” (over and over again) in the Electoral College. I got 306! They were sooooo wrong in their election coverage. Still hurting!
The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Administration. Why didn’t they do something about it, especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September, before the Election?
The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Administrations. Why didn’t they do something about it, especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September, before the Election?
Great success today at NATO! Billions of additional dollars paid by members since my election. Great spirit!
 I am in Brussels, but always thinking about our farmers. Soy beans fell 50% from 2012 to my election. Farmers have don…
If the Democrats want to win Supreme Court and other Court picks, don’t Obstruct and Resist, but rather do it the good ol’ fashioned way, WIN ELECTIONS!
I am in Brussels, but always thinking about our farmers. Soy beans fell 50% from 2012 to my election. Farmers have done poorly for 15 years. Other countries’ trade barriers and tariffs have been destroying their businesses. I will open...
I have long heard that the most important decision a U.S. President can make is the selection of a Supreme Court Justice - Will be announced tonight at 9:00 P.M.
Just won lawsuit filed by the DNC and a bunch of Democrat crazies trying to claim the Trump Campaign (and others), colluded with Russia. They haven’t figured out that this was an excuse for them losing the election!
A big week, especially with our numerous victories in the Supreme Court. Heading back to the White House now. Focus will be on the selection of a new Supreme Court Justice. Exciting times for our country. Economy may be stronger than it has ever been!
Russia continues to say they had nothing to do with Meddling in our Election! Where is the DNC Server, and why didn’t Shady James Comey and the now disgraced FBI agents take and closely examine it? Why isn’t Hillary/Russia being looked at? So many questions, so much corruption!
The Democrats are in Turmoil! Open Borders and unchecked Crime a certain way to lose elections. Republicans are for Strong Borders, NO Crime! A BIG NIGHT!
Wow! Big Trump Hater Congressman Joe Crowley, who many expected was going to take Nancy Pelosi’s place, just LOST his primary election. In other words, he’s out! That is a big one that nobody saw happening. Perhaps he should have been nicer, and more respectful, to his President!
Congratulations to Governor Henry Mc Master on your BIG election win! South Carolina loves you. We are all proud of you and Peggy! henrymcmaster
.Fox News  Poll numbers plummet on the Democrat inspired and paid for Russian Witch Hunt. With all of the bias, lying and hate by the investigators, people want the investigators investigated. Much more will come out. A total scam and excuse for the Dems losing the Election!
We must maintain a Strong Southern Border. We cannot allow our Country to be overrun by illegal immigrants as the Democrats tell their phony stories of sadness and grief, hoping it will help them in the elections. Obama and others had the same pictures, and did nothing about it!
I can’t think of something more concerning than a law enforcement officer suggesting that their going to use their powers to affect an election!” Inspector General Horowitz on what was going on with numerous people regarding my election. A Rigged Witch Hunt!p
The Democrats should get together with their Republican counterparts and work something out on Border Security and Safety. Don’t wait until after the election because you are going to lose!
My supporters are the smartest, strongest, most hard working and most loyal that we have seen in our countries history. It is a beautiful thing to watch as we win elections and gather support from all over the country. As we get stronger, so does our country. Best numbers ever!
U.S.A. Jobs numbers are the BEST in 44 years. If my opponent (the Democrats) had won the election, they would have raised taxes substantially and increased regulations - the economy, and jobs, would have been a disaster!
Stock Market up almost 40% since the Election, with 7 Trillion Dollars of U.S. value built throughout the economy. Lowest unemployment rate in many decades, with Black and Hispanic unemployment lowest in History, and Female unemployment lowest in 21 years. Highest confidence ever!
When and where will all of the many conflicts of interest be listed by the 13 Angry Democrats (plus) working on the Witch Hunt Hoax. There has never been a group of people on a case so biased or conflicted. It is all a Democrat Excuse for LOSING the Election. Where is the server?
Chris Farrell, Judicial Watch. “They were running an operation to undermine a candidate for President of the U.S. These are all violations of law. This is intelligence tradecraft to steer an election. There’s nothing more grave when it comes to abuse of our intelligence system...
The U.S. has an increased economic value of more than 7 Trillion Dollars since the Election. May be the best economy in the history of our country. Record Jobs numbers. Nice!
Why aren’t the 13 Angry and heavily conflicted Democrats investigating the totally Crooked Campaign of totally Crooked Hillary Clinton. It’s a Rigged Witch Hunt, that’s why! Ask them if they enjoyed her after election celebration!
The 13 Angry Democrats (plus people who worked 8 years for Obama) working on the rigged Russia Witch Hunt, will be MEDDLING with the mid-term elections, especially now that Republicans (stay tough!) are taking the lead in Polls. There was no Collusion, except by the Democrats!
Why didn’t President Obama do something about the so-called Russian Meddling when he was told about it by the FBI before the Election? Because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win, and he didn’t want to upset the apple cart! He was in charge, not me, and did nothing.
This whole Russia Probe is Rigged. Just an excuse as to why the Dems and Crooked Hillary lost the Election and States that haven’t been lost in decades. 13 Angry Democrats, and all Dems if you include the people who worked for Obama for 8 years. SPYGATE and CONFLICTS OF INTEREST!
Now that the Witch Hunt has given up on Russia and is looking at the rest of the World, they should easily be able to take it into the Mid-Term Elections where they can put some hurt on the Republican Party. Don’t worry about Dems FISA Abuse, missing Emails or Fraudulent Dossier!
Congratulations America, we are now into the second year of the greatest Witch Hunt in American History...and there is still No Collusion and No Obstruction. The only Collusion was that done by Democrats who were unable to win an Election despite the spending of far more money!
Lou Barletta will be a great Senator for Pennsylvania but his opponent, Bob Casey, has been a do-nothing Senator who only shows up at election time. He votes along the Nancy Pelosi, Elizabeth Warren lines, loves sanctuary cities, bad and expensive healthcare...
Is this Phony Witch Hunt going to go on even longer so it wrongfully impacts the Mid-Term Elections, which is what the Democrats always intended? Republicans better get tough and smart before it is too late!
“The Great Revolt” by Salena Zito and Brad Todd does much to tell the story of our great Election victory. The Forgotten Men and Women are forgotten no longer!
To the great people of West Virginia we have, together, a really great chance to keep making a big difference. Problem is, Don Blankenship, currently running for Senate, can’t win the General Election in your State...No way! Remember Alabama. Vote Rep. Jenkins or A.G. Morrisey!
Congratulations to Republican Debbie Lesko on her big win in the Special Election for Arizona House seat. Debbie will do a Great Job! Press is so silent.
Can you believe that despite 93% bad stories from the Fake News Media (should be getting good stories), today we had just about our highest Poll Numbers, including those on Election Day? The American public is wise to the phony an dishonest press. Make America Great Again!
Rasmussen just came out at 51% Approval despite the Fake News Media. They were one of the three most accurate on Election Day. Just about the most inaccurate were CNN and ABC News/Washington Post, and they haven’t changed (get new pollsters). Much of the media is a Scam!
Speaker Paul Ryan is a truly good man, and while he will not be seeking re-election, he will leave a legacy of achievement that nobody can question. We are with you Paul!
I have stated my concerns with Amazon long before the Election. Unlike others, they pay little or no taxes to state and local governments, use our Postal System as their Delivery Boy (causing tremendous loss to the U.S.), and are putting many thousands of retailers out of business!
House Intelligence Committee votes to release final report. FINDINGS: (1) No evidence provided of Collusion between Trump Campaign and Russia. (2)  The Obama Administrations Post election response was insufficient. (3) Clapper provided inconsistent testimony on media contacts.
I called President Putin of Russia to congratulate him on his election victory (in past, Obama called him also). The Fake News Media is crazed because they wanted me to excoriate him. They are wrong! Getting along with Russia (and others) is a good thing, not a bad thing.......
“Special Council is told to find crimes, whether a crime exists or not. I was opposed to the selection of Mueller to be Special Council. I am still opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because.....
“Special Council is told to find crimes, wether crimes exist or not. I was opposed the the selection of Mueller to be Special Council, I still am opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because.....
THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE HAS, AFTER A 14 MONTH LONG IN-DEPTH INVESTIGATION, FOUND NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION OR COORDINATION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA TO INFLUENCE THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.
Why did the Obama Administration start an investigation into the Trump Campaign (with zero proof of wrongdoing) long before the Election in November? Wanted to discredit so Crooked H would win. Unprecedented. Bigger than Watergate! Plus, Obama did NOTHING about Russian meddling.
.Senator Wicker of Mississippi has been a great supporter and incredible help in getting our massive Tax Cut Bill done and approved. Also big help on cutting regs. I am with him in his re-election all the way!
Democrat judges have totally redrawn election lines in the great State of Pennsylvania. Fox News. This is very unfair to Republicans and to our country as a whole. Must be appealed to the United States Supreme Court ASAP!
Hope Republicans in the Great State of Pennsylvania challenge the new “pushed” Congressional Map, all the way to the Supreme Court, if necessary. Your Original was correct! Don’t let the Dems take elections away from you so that they can raise taxes and waste money!
....The President Obama quote just before election. That’s because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and he didn’t want to “rock the boat.” When I easily won the Electoral College, the whole game changed and the Russian excuse became the narrative of the Dems.
“There is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig America’s elections, there’s no evidence that that has happened in the past or that it will happen this time, and so I’d invite Mr. Trump to stop whining and make his case to get votes.” .....
Obama was President up to, and beyond, the 2016 Election. So why didn’t he do something about Russian meddling?
Now that Adam Schiff is starting to blame President Obama for Russian meddling in the election, he is probably doing so as yet another excuse that the Democrats, lead by their fearless leader, Crooked Hillary Clinton, lost the 2016 election. But wasn’t I a great candidate?
I never said Russia did not meddle in the election, I said “it may be Russia, or China or another country or group, or it may be a 400 pound genius sitting in bed and playing with his computer.” The Russian “hoax” was that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia - it never did!
Finally, Liddle’ Adam Schiff, the leakin’ monster of no control, is now blaming the Obama Administration for Russian meddling in the 2016 Election. He is finally right about something. Obama was President, knew of the threat, and did nothing. Thank you Adam!
General Mc Master forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the Russians and that the only Collusion was between Russia and Crooked H, the DNC and the Dems. Remember the Dirty Dossier, Uranium, Speeches, Emails and the Podesta Company!
“I have seen all of the Russian ads and I can say very definitively that swaying the election was *NOT* the main goal.” Rob Goldman Vice President of Facebook Ads 
Deputy A.G. Rod Rosenstein stated at the News Conference: “There is no allegation in the indictment that any American was a knowing participant in this illegal activity. There is no allegation in the indictment that the charged conduct altered the outcome of the 2016 election.
“Charges Deal Don A Big Win,” written by Michael Goodwin of the nypost, succinctly states that “the Russians had no impact on the election results.” There was no Collusion with the Trump Campaign. “She lost the old-fashioned way, by being a terrible candidate. Case closed.”
Russia started their anti-US campaign in 2014, long before I announced that I would run for President. The results of the election were not impacted. The Trump campaign did nothing wrong - no collusion!
....agencies, not just the FBI and DOJ, now the State Department to dig up dirt on him in the days leading up to the Election. Comey had conversations with Donald Trump, which I don’t believe were accurate...he leaked information (corrupt).” Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch on Fox News
Costs on non-military lines will never come down if we do not elect more Republicans in the 2018 Election, and beyond. This Bill is a BIG VICTORY for our Military, but much waste in order to get Dem votes. Fortunately, DACA not included in this Bill, negotiations to start now!
Without more Republicans in Congress, we were forced to increase spending on things we do not like or want in order to finally, after many years of depletion, take care of our Military. Sadly, we needed some Dem votes for passage. Must elect more Republicans in 2018 Election!
“The four page memo released Friday reports the disturbing fact about how the FBI and FISA appear to have been used to influence the 2016 election and its aftermath....The FBI failed to inform the FISA court that the Clinton campaign had funded the dossier....the FBI became....
Rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49%, a far better number than I had in winning the Election, and higher than certain “sacred cows.” Other Trump polls are way up also. So why does the media refuse to write this? Oh well, someday!
Unprecedented success for our Country, in so many ways, since the Election. Record Stock Market, Strong on Military, Crime, Borders, and ISIS, Judicial Strength and Numbers, Lowest Unemployment for Women and ALL, Massive Tax Cuts, end of Individual Mandate - and so much more. Big 2018!
For those asking, the Republicans only have 51 votes in the Senate, and they need 60. That is why we need to win more Republicans in 2018 Election! We can then be even tougher on  Crime (and Border), and even better to our Military and Veterans!
Just signed 702 Bill to reauthorize foreign intelligence collection. This is NOT the same FISA law that was so wrongly abused during the election. I will always do the right thing for our country and put the safety of the American people first!
Will be going to Pennsylvania today in order to give my total support to RICK SACCONE, running for Congress in a Special Election (March 13). Rick is a great guy. We need more Republicans to continue our already successful agenda!
“President Trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy. Tax Cut bonuses to more than 2,000,000 workers. Most explosive Stock Market rally that we’ve seen in modern times. 18,000 to 26,000 from Election, and grounded in profitability and growth. All Trump, not 0...
So much Fake News is being reported. They don’t even try to get it right, or correct it when they are wrong. They promote the Fake Book of a mentally deranged author, who knowingly writes false information. The Mainstream Media is crazed that WE won the election!
Disproven and paid for by Democrats “Dossier used to spy on Trump Campaign. Did FBI use Intel tool to influence the Election?” foxandfriends  Did Dems or Clinton also pay Russians? Where are hidden and smashed DNC servers? Where are Crooked Hillary Emails?  What a mess!
...Clinton in the WH, doubling down on Barack Obama’s failed policies, washes away any doubts that America made the right choice. This was truly a change election — and the changes Trump is bringing are far-reaching and necessary.” Thank you Michael Goodwin! 
The Stock Market has been creating tremendous benefits for our country in the form of not only Record Setting Stock Prices, but present and future Jobs, Jobs, Jobs. Seven TRILLION dollars of value created since our big election win!
Well, now that collusion with Russia is proving to be a total hoax and the only collusion is with Hillary Clinton and the FBI/Russia, the Fake News Media (Mainstream) and this phony new book are hitting out at every new front imaginable. They should try winning an election. Sad!
Many mostly Democrat States refused to hand over data from the 2016 Election to the Commission On Voter Fraud. They fought hard that the Commission not see their records or methods because they know that many people are voting illegally. System is rigged, must go to Voter I.D.
Why would smart voters want to put Democrats in Congress in 2018 Election when their policies will totally kill the great wealth created during the months since the Election. People are much better off now not to mention ISIS, VA, Judges, Strong Border, 2nd A, Tax Cuts and more?
If the Dems (Crooked Hillary) got elected, your stocks would be down 50% from values on Election Day. Now they have a great future - and just beginning! 
If last night’s election proved anything, it proved that we need to put up GREAT Republican candidates to increase the razor thin margins in both the House and Senate.
The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange (and his numbers went up mightily), is that I said Roy Moore will not be able to win the General Election.  I was right! Roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him!
Putting Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Puppet Jones into office in Alabama would hurt our great Republican Agenda of low on taxes, tough on crime, strong on military and borders...and so much more. Look at your 401-k’s since Election. Highest Stock Market EVER! Jobs are roaring back!
The jury was not told the killer of Kate was a 7 time felon. The Schumer/Pelosi Democrats are so weak on Crime that they will pay a big price in the 2018 and 2020 Elections.
The Dow just broke 24,000 for the first time (another all-time Record). If the Dems had won the Presidential Election, the Market would be down 50% from these levels and Consumer Confidence, which is also at an all-time high, would be “low and glum!”
Since the first day I took office, all you hear is the phony Democrat excuse for losing the election, Russia, Russia,Russia.  Despite this I have the economy booming and have possibly done more than any 10 month President. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wacky and totally unhinged Tom Steyer, who has been fighting me and my Make America Great Again agenda from beginning, never wins elections!
Crooked Hillary Clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on Presidential Election than I did. Facebook was on her side, not mine!
Stock Market hits another all time high on Friday. 5.3 trillion dollars up since Election. Fake News doesn't spent much time on this!
 U.S. MARKETS FROM ELECTION DAY {Since 11/8/2016} 📈 
The U.S. has gained more than 5.2 trillion dollars in Stock Market Value since Election Day! Also, record business enthusiasm.
Since Election Day on November 8, the Stock Market is up more than 25%, unemployment is at a 17 year low and companies are coming back to U.S.
 real Donald Trump Lou Dobbs It is NOT a coincidence that the economy boomed immediately after the 2016 election.
It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the election.Need tax cuts
Stock Market has increased by 5.2 Trillion dollars since the election on November 8th, a 25% increase. Lowest unemployment in 16 years and..
Senator Bob Corker "begged" me to endorse him for re-election in Tennessee. I said "NO" and he dropped out (said he could not win without...
 Stock Alert: U.S. markets since the election 
In analyzing the Alabama Primary race, Fake News always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after Election!
Democrats don't want massive tax cuts - how does that win elections? Great reviews for Tax Cut and Reform Bill.
Big election tomorrow in the Great State of Alabama. Vote for Senator Luther Strange, tough on crime and border - will never let you down!
The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media "screaming" for Crooked Hillary Clinton. Next, she was a bad candidate!
Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody (and every thing) but herself for her election loss. She lost the debates and lost her direction!
...and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just can't forget his election trouncing.The people of South Carolina will remember!
The failing nytimes, which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized), is totally inept!
Stock Market could hit all-time high (again) 22,000 today. Was 18,000 only 6 months ago on Election Day. Mainstream media seldom mentions!
I love reading about all of the "geniuses" who were so instrumental in my election success. Problem is, most don't exist. Fake News! MAGA
U.S. Stock Market up almost 20% since Election!
In other words, Russia was against Trump in the 2016 Election - and why not, I want strong military and low oil prices. Witch Hunt! 
 As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues, two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold, Dem…
As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues, two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold, Democrats and Russians!
 U.S. Markets since election. 
The ABC/Washington Post Poll, even though almost 40% is not bad at this time, was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time!
Just got to the USWomens Open in Bedminster, New Jersey. People are really happy with record high stock market - up over 17% since election!
.Wash Times states "Democrats have willfully used Moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against Donald Trump."
...have it. Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 (had to apologize). Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had info before election?
Putin and I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit    so that election hacking, and many other negative things, will be guarded..
I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. I've already given my opinion.....
....the 2016 election with interviews, speeches and social media. I had to beat Fake News, and did. We will continue to WIN!
From Fox News "Bombshell: In 2016, Obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an American election."  Check out his statement - Witch Hunt!
Obama Administration official said they "choked" when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election. They didn't want to hurt Hillary?
Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling, why no action? Focus on them, not T!
Just out: The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia. Did nothing about it. WHY?
...Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI, and still hasn't? It's all a big Dem scam and excuse for losing the election!
...Why did Democratic National Committee turn down the DHS offer to protect against hacks (long prior to election). It's all a big Dem HOAX!
By the way, if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election, it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didn't they stop them?
Well, the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! All the Fake News, all the money spent = 0
Thank you Fox News "Huge win for President Trump and GOP in Georgia Congressional Special Election."
The new Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election, just out with a Trump 50% Approval Rating.That's higher than O's 's!
The Fake News MSM doesn't report the great economic news since Election Day. DOW up 16%. NASDAQ up 19.5%. Drilling and energy sector...
Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. and how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News.
Again, the story that there was collusion between the Russians and Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election.
Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U.S. tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election.
'Presidential Executive Order on the Establishment of Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity' ➡️… 
...Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?
...popular vote. ABC News/Washington Post Poll (wrong big on election) said almost all stand by their vote on me and 53% said strong leader.
Very interesting election currently taking place in France.
Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election!
The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth!
The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event, until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD!
Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!
Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss), by media and Dems, of historic proportion!
Remember when the failing nytimes apologized to its subscribers, right after the election, because their coverage was so wrong. Now worse!
Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much higher ratings at Fox
Who was it that secretly said to Russian President, "Tell Vladimir that after the election I'll have more flexibility?" foxandfriends
How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!
I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!
Is it legal for a sitting President to be "wire tapping" a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!
...to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election, and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story...
...intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed.....
Since November 8th, Election Day, the Stock Market has posted $3.2 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high. Jobs!
Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems, and played up by the media, in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!
The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election, and so badly (306), so they made up a story - RUSSIA. Fake news!
The failing nytimes was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win. Now they are worse!
Any negative polls are fake news, just like the CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the election. Sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting.
After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election, the FAKE NEWS nytimes is still lost!
The failing nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries, then the general election. FAKE NEWS!
Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly.
The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before.
mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk - no action or results. Sad!
.CNN is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone!
I win an election easily, a great "movement" is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state!
'Small business optimism soars after Trump election' 
 Watch our interview with Kellyanne Polls: Russia "did not succeed" in attempts to sway election  …
Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched!
Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong, it all came together in the last week and.....
I would have done even better in the election, if that is possible, if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently
Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong, he called me (with a very nice congratulations). He "doesn't know much" ...
We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media).
If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing, they would be scorned and called terrible names!
Unless you catch "hackers" in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?
Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory!
I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy, of the Great State of Louisiana, for the U.S.Senate. The election is over - JOHN WON!
Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!
State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today; election next Saturday.
I thought that CNN would get better after they failed so badly in their support of Hillary Clinton however, since election, they are worse!
this election. That is a direct threat to our democracy." She then said, "We have to accept the results and look to the future, Donald --
during a general election. I, for one, am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind --
and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -
Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change
The Democrats, when they incorrectly thought they were going to win, asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so anymore!
'Jeff Sessions, a Fitting Selection for Attorney General' 
Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!
 President-elect Trump announces selections for Attorney General, National Security Advisor, CIA Director. More here: ht…
If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in  N.Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily
Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!
Watching the returns at 9:45pm.  Election Night MAGA🇺🇸 
 Such a surreal moment to vote for my father for President of the United States! Make your voice heard and vote! Election2…
 FINAL PUSH! Eric and I doing dozens of radio interviews. We can win this thing! GET OUT AND VOTE! MAGA Election Day ht…
Still time to Vote Trump!  i Voted Election Night 
Don't let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA!
I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!
Election Day  
Clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters Clinton planned to betray labor on TPP post-election:  
'Obama Warned Of Rigged Elections In 2008.' Time to Drain The Swamp  
As election looms, some bad news for Clinton, Democrats: 
Thank you Delaware County, Ohio! Remember- either we WIN this election, or we are going to LOSE this country!… 
"THEREALMOGUL: 41% of American voters believe the  election could be "stolen" from Donald Trump due to widespread voter fraud. - Politico"
Yet more evidence of a media-rigged election: 
We have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama (or worse!).
Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!
Finally, in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!
Polls close, but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!
Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!
Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me!
The MOVEMENT in Portsmouth, New Hampshire w/ 7K supporters. THANK YOU! This is the biggest election of our lifetime… 
Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election
This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges, and outright lies, in order to elect Crooked Hillary!
So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Observer. Sign up today! Make America Great Again 
 There’s one clear choice in this election to create jobs and grow the American economy. VPDebate 
 WATCH: real Donald Trump on the stakes in this election Debates2016 
 But there IS something we will do on Election Day: Show up and vote for the 2A! Defendthe Second Never Hillary
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.
As I have been saying, Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election, despite her statements to the contrary: top adv.
Bernie Sanders started off strong, but with the selection of Kaine for V.P., is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT
This election is a choice between law, order and safety - or chaos, crime and violence. I will make America safe again for everyone. Im With You
Top 50 Facts About Crooked Hillary Clinton From Trump 'Stakes Of The Election' Address: 
Hillary says this election is about judgment.  She's right.  Her judgement has killed thousands, unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy.
In interview I told AP that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election!
 LOUISIANA GENERAL ELECTION Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton Make America Great Again Trump2016 
 OHIO GENERAL ELECTION Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton Make America Great Again Trump2016 
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!
Don't believe the Fox News Polls, they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election.
I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at  Mar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner!
U.S. Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) issued the following statement today regarding the 2016 presidential election: 
Mitt Romney,who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool, is now playing tough guy
"Vogelsong1: Ed Rollins gets it. Was just on Fox News explaining how Trump wins the general election."  Thank you Ed!
Lying Ted Cruz just (on election day) came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall. He holds up the Bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol!
"Good2bqueen67:  brithume megynkelly They're too lame to get it, Sir. When you win the election they'll get it."
The polls are now showing that I am the best to win the GENERAL ELECTION. States that are never in play for Repubs will be won by me. Great!
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!
Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus, either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified.
"real Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton leading POLLS w/ one week until Iowa Caucus ...MORE on the 2016 elections TONIGHT on Fox Business 7PM"
"johnkurkosky: Carolde The_Lady_Colors  DRJAMESCABOT Tami Durling Aceof Spades HQ THIS ELECTION IS ABOUT AMERICAS FUTURE, VOTE TRUMP"
.Peggynoonannyc An election between Hillary and myself will be the biggest voter turnout in U.S. history. Just like the debates 24 M vs 2M.
"Charles Marino8: 3DOT  Donald Trump preach it brother! First election I've been excited about in many many years. Since Reagan to be exact"
Why would greta use Karl Rove as an election analyst when he has made so many mistakes. He still thinks Romney won. An establishment dope!
Republicans must stop relying on losers like Karl Rove if they want to start winning presidential elections. Be tough and get smart!
Republicans must stop listening to dopes like Karl Rove who still insists Mitt Romney won the last election. Think big and think strong!
"Born To Be GOP: real Donald Trump You will bring out more voters to vote for you than we've seen in any election!" Great.
"Sally Avicii2014:  real Ollie Taylor Agree This is The Only Time Americans have been More involved in President Elections since Kennedy!!!"
"shawnslawns4u: terrykimk93 WSJ this coming election is THE MOST IMPORTANT PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION in my lifetime VOTE FOR TRUMP"
"T_Johnson_TJ: real Donald Trump you have my vote in my first election great debate last night keep up the good work! Trump2016" Thanks.
"i Stand With USA: 62% said that real Donald Trump won GOP Debate Vote your stand:  USA Election2016
"Bob D746847: There shouldn't be a problem with this election. "WE THE PEOPLE" finally have someone that speaks on OUR behalf. TRUMP-2016"
.Mitt Romney and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost!
"princeolivier13: Why do we have to be tortured by watching these clowns! Have the election tomorrow! trump2016 Dem Debate"
"gse_says: Overwhelming wins by real Donald Trump in primaries will prove what will happen (landslide) in the general election.
"RLHolden Sr: real Donald Trump Mr Trump we are praying that you win the 2016 election! Obama is destroying the US!"
If the presidential election were held today, according to this surveyusa poll, Donald Trump would defeat any Dem: "
"bentomchik: chucktodd: is there something to learn from real Donald Trump success? Election2016"
"LBabcock2:  oreillyfactor Fox News I have always wondered why Fox kept Rove on after his disastrous election predictions." He is a joke!
Why does oreillyfactor and Fox News always have Karl Rove on. He spent $430 million and lost ALL races. A dope who said Romney won election
"ladycatherinecd real Donald Trump he has more smarts than any one of the politicians - he TRUMPED again !  Trump tcot Election2016"
"strayamaaaate: Donald Trump shaking things up in US elections. Jeb Bush is really weak. Carly Fiorina shud go back to HP
"Southern_Anon63: I am a stone cold down to the bone democrat. But I will be voting real Donald Trump on Election Day."
"_trump4potus: Trump continues to rise in the polls! The American People are speaking and speaking loudly. 2016election Trump2016"
"Raxson DFS: There is no way President Trump loses this election. He will win by historical landslide. Will be greatest POTUS ever!" Thanks
"Edward Francis II: "Can't Be Bought" real Donald Trump - 2016election "
Why would anybody listen to Mitt Romney? He lost an election that should have easily been won against Obama. By the way,so did John Mc Cain!
"amandajoan40: This is the first time in my adult life that I have been excited about an election Trump2016 Trump For President"
"Garett Wadekempe: Donald Trump for President! He has my vote come elections!"
Why would Republican candidates want the support of Mitt Romney. He lost an election against Obama that should NEVER have been lost!
"Chip B: Like him or not real Donald Trump says EXACTLY what he thinks and doesn't beat around the bush. And that's admirable. Election2016"
"kolbytraveller Trump is more than just talk. I hope he wins the election and gets something done for once in this country. Trump2016"
"_bri: This is the first election I'll be able to vote, and my vote goes to Trump because I want to live in a great country! Trump2016"
"nojoed: real Donald Trump Karl Rove Karl, why don't you sit this election cycle out, we had enough losers to last us a life time." True.
"Breitbart Video: .Ann Coulter: Trump Has Best Shot in General Election  via Ian Hanchett "
"Jen Cromartie: real Donald Trump needs to run for president Election2016 Donald Trump"
"The USALife Style: GOP Donald Trump Election2016 (it will happen) GOP MUST SUPPORT Donald Trump GOP Politics "
"Geo Scarborough: Joe Scarborough Thinks Donald Trump Can 'Shake Things Up' In 2016 Election  via Huff Post Media
"sintianiej: Yes, this is our next president - Donald Trump. In 2016 election America vote DJT "
"DRODELL76: Have never voted in a presidential election but when i do real Donald Trump will get my vote! trump4president"
"justnise: real Donald Trump My man has never voted in an election said he would vote for Trump for President."
"williamgardanis: Working class democrats ,Independents ,Americans that never voted before to decide this election LANDSLIDE MANDATE 4 DJT"
"cstace1: real Donald Trump has already won the election Trump2016"
"GWONDER6: First election I can vote in... I want real Donald Trump to run for president."
"johnny4arizona: Dream Debate 4 Election2016 Clinton vs Trump: Trump would be FIRED UP, and Hillary would be NOT HIRED !!! Trump2016"
"Justin Krizel: I can vote in next election. If he runs, I will absolutely vote for  Donald Trump - he's the best candidate out there."
My joint seanhannity int. on Fox News with Geraldo Rivera recapping Apprentice NBC and discussing the 2016 election 
"K9_Bellavia: real Donald Trump really hope you hop on the campaign train and run for office next election. Turn us around."
"Kim Jong Sean: real Donald Trump this will be my first ever vote in a presidential election, would love to see you on the ballot!"
"gregg7493: Need democrats out so I hope republicans and tea party don't split the votes come election time. PS love the Apprentice"
"SAVEHICNO1: real Donald Trump mooovin_on I WILL GLADLY BE YOUR CAMPAIGN MANAGER DONALD I WANTED YOU TO BE PRESIDENT LAST ELECTION"
"liquidkowboy: real Donald Trump We need someone to make America, America again.You have my vote for 2016 2016Election USA No More Clintons
"jcrmtxus: real Donald Trump Krafty Wurker hopefully he will run for 2016 elections" Stay tuned!
"sintianiej:Donald Trump In The Elections southheastt Oh yes the next President of the United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 ."
"In The Elections: real Donald Trump We can do it with you leading us. TRUMP 2016"
"In The Elections: real Donald Trump southheastt Awwww, what a wonderful thing to say about our fearless leader. TRUMP 2016!"
My greta int. discussing $25,000 gift to USMC Tahmooressi, Obama’s trip to China and the 2014 election results 
Via PJMedia_com by Nicholas Ballasy: “Trump Calls Election a ‘Big Blow to Obama… I Think He’s in Denial’” 
"foxandfriends: 'Trumping' the competition!Every midterm candidate with real Donald Trump robocall won. Election2014 
"Real SQUEZZ: realdonaldtrump IS THE MAN WE NEED COME 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION!!!!! Trump For President!!!!"
"Jack Witty: real Donald Trump Fraz_Scotcher Trump Scotland ~If Presidential election were today,I'd vote 4 Donald Trump.
Via Luxury Daily by Joe Mc Carthy: “Trump Collection leverages 2016 election frenzy for Washington debut” 
Why did AGSchneiderman have to fill out 3 successive ballots on Election Day? And this is our A.G.
My 971FMTalk int. with DLoesch on Hands Off My Gun, 2014 election results, stopping Obamacare, new Senate and 2016 
Congratulations to Charlie Crist who has now lost a statewide election in Florida as a Republican, Independent and Democrat.
"zedd_tahlz: Can't wait for the new season of Celebrity Apprentice its gonna be epic!! Great cast selection real Donald Trump"
"Property Justice: Jackshallis Strange how Obama was such a great speaker before his election and simply carried on only speaking and no doing.
"akhan_15:  I'm currently 16 years old. I'll be eligible to vote next election. Fix Obama's mess and run. You have my vote! Trump2016"
Crazy - Election officials saying that there is nothing stopping illegal immigrants from voting. This is very bad (unfair) for Republicans!
Double digit premium increases because of Obama Care. Dems trying to delay showing numbers until after election, but news is spreading fast!
"In The Elections: real Donald Trump China wouldn't be laughing at President Trump." So true!
Lightweight AGSchneiderman, the worst attorney general in the US, is in a tough election with John Cahill  Cahill For AG
My 6abc int. with Jim_Gardner on Atlantic City, Philadelphia’s real estate market and 2014, 2016 elections 
"In The Elections: real Donald Trump My advice: run for president!"
"Sap Throws: This coming election is the first one I can vote in and I hope real Donald Trump runs so he can get my vote Trump2016"
Brand new selection of Trump Signature Collection shirts and ties Macys.  Go check them out.
If amnesty is so popular according to the DC ruling class, then why is Obama delaying his executive action until after the election?
"In The Elections: real Donald Trump Mara-a-Lago is unbelievably spectacular."  Thank you!
"Ram Durand:  Vinny Gooch The media who loves Donald during non election time would screw him in a prez bid. Cant even trust Fox"
"NPHerron: real Donald Trump For president 2016election"
Obama Care premiums rising 13.2% in 2015  Elections have consequences!
The Republicans owe an apology for blowing the 2012 election. How could they lose to Obama?!
"The Doug Grant: real Donald Trump Good advice for Romney during the last election - maybe this time he will listen."
Just looked at new selection of Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties and shirts Macys  -- fantastic! Would make great gifts!
"Soyer Janis: Donald Trump In The Elections NYDaily News Please don't mess with us again, please run and don't change your mind. We need you"
"In The Elections: The Real HOod Rept real Donald Trump The Obama administration is the American disaster, TRUMP 2016 is the solution." So true!
"In The Elections:  NYDaily News It seems democrats are incapable of honesty, especially where you are concerned, afraid of you. TRUMP 2016!"
"Alex Davis Chevy: Next pres. election is the first ill be old enough to vote in. Would vote for you in a heartbeat! Trump Em Trump4Prez"
"justalmir: real Donald Trump please run for election so my first ever vote could be for you!"  Thanks!
"Real_Tess_Bloom: In my first Presidential election that I can vote in I would vote for real Donald Trump run2016"  Great!
"davidc: I refuse to vote for anybody but Trump in the next presidential election. He is the only man that can lead this corrupted country"
"In The Elections: real Donald Trump CJM8112 Can't you just imagine how awesome the country would be if he was president?!" Thanks and true.
"In The Elections: real Donald Trump Ron Canova Trump Doral Yep, the man we need running the country."  Thanks!
The Obama Care enrollment numbers are a lie.They will be ‘readjusted’ by the White House at an opportune time, probably after ’14 election
"danica2013: real Donald Trump needs to run for the 2016 presidential election. Intelligent and knows what he's doing. Got My Vote New America
"In The Elections: real Donald Trump A very happy, blessed Easter to you, Mr. Trump."  Thank you, and you also!
"In The Elections: real Donald Trump racrboi90 Problem is so many of our leaders aren't really leaders.Help us Mr. Trump before it's too late
"Brad ANGSA: sonnset2 For Q2 real Donald Trump  Grease Weezer Obama would not have won election if he told truth about Obama-Care.."
The top leadership of the New York State Republican Party is totally dysfunctional - they haven't won a major election in many years.
"Bnmaui: real Donald Trump You may be the only conservative who can win the 2016 Presidential election. Please consider." I will!
"sashamajerovsky: "In The Elections: real Donald Trump Awesome speech! " He tells it like it is! Great speech!" Thanks!
"In The Elections: real Donald Trump Awesome speech! You can watch it here: " Thank you!
If Obama Care is such a wonderful law then why does Obama summarily  change the law before an election?
CBO estimates over 2.3M jobs will be lost due to Obama Care  Elections have consequences.
"In The Elections:  See, I told you God wanted you to be president, he's had me praying for you about it y many years." .Wow, so nice!
We had a GREAT year Macys with ties, shirts and suits, thanks!  New selections just arrived - they are amazing!
“You can attack, defend, counterattack, sell or ignore. ”-Roger Ailes to Pres. Reagan during prep for 2nd Mondale debate/ '84 election
.Mark Halperin’s and John Heilemann’s  book, Double Down, is an excellent read on the just passed election. Great book, congrats! jheil
"paulmilton28: real Donald Trump Macys love the Ties!! Great selection of colours."  They are a big hit, thanks.
I do not understand how so many of my Jewish friends backed Obama in the last election. He is a TOTAL DISASTER FOR ISRAEL-AND ALWAYS WILL BE
Just as I said last October, census workers cooked the job numbers for Obama right before the election 
"ISaid Know: AWESOME! RT  Again, more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in Obama Care. Congratulations America!”  Thanks!
Again, more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in Obama Care. Congratulations America!
More dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in Obama Care. Congratulations America!
"Charley Dummer: real Donald Trump the whole UK supports you in the 2016 elections we all love watching the apprentice USA here.
"Jarrod Ryan ZA: real Donald Trump Are you actually going to go for 2016 elections? If so you have my support!"   Thank you!
"mat_sly: real Donald Trump Great job, What we need in the next election!!! 2016"
If Obama Care is so amazing, then why is Obama delaying significant parts of the bill before the election? Make DCListen
It will be interesting to see what happens to Eliot Spitzer if he loses the election for Comptroller to very capable scottmstringer.
Elections have consequences. Obama just published “final regulations for Obama Care’s individual mandate”  Enjoy!
"Erica Bigelow: I'll be old enough to vote during the next presidential election...and I really hope that real Donald Trump is on the ballot.
Go to Macys now to see the incredible new selection of Trump Signature Collection ties, shirts and suits.
Fun fact for my 2M+ followers - the 'Architect' Karl Rove blew $400M in the 2012 election with a success rate of 1.6%.
"hoffers1: Just got thru reading "Time to Get Tough" by real Donald Trump. It's a shame more people didn't read it before this past election
New and great selection of ties, shirts and cufflinksMacy's - check them out!
Just got a great new selection of ties and shirts Macys.  Go buy them now for Father’s Day—they’re beautiful!
"Johns81366: real Donald Trump Mr. Trump, Even though I'm not a Republican, I wrote your name on my ballot during the election." A wise move
Obama and his people did a brilliant job of delaying these scandals until after the election. Mitt must be going wild thinking about it!
If these scandals happened before the election, Obama could not have won.
"Josh Is: Super happy to unsubscribe real Donald Trump now that his asinine election antics are over. Then don't talk, do it asshole!
"Patty MSink: real Donald Trump Please, please, please consider running in the 2016 Presidential election. We need business savvy (you)Thanks
My gretawire interview re: the dismal job report, getting ripped off by South Korea, 2016 election and  WWEHOF 
With the impending crisis in Korea, is it a big confidence builder that Chuck Hagel is Sec. of Defense? Elections have consequences.
The new selection of ties, shirts and suits at Macy's is amazing - also available in Trump Tower lobby.
My shirts, ties and suits (and fragrance, Success) are doing great -- go over and check out Macy’s now—beautiful new selection!
.RNC report was written by the ruling class of consultants who blew the election. Short on ideas. Just giving excuses to donors.
Congratulations to my Catholic friends on the selection of Pope Francis I to lead the Catholic Church. People that know him love him!
"smithg_: real Donald Trump should run for president next election RT Trump4Prez"   Thanks for such nice words.
If Mitch Mc Connell wants to win his election, he’d better get rid of jinxed Karl Rove and fast...
My gretawire interview discussing why the sequestration cuts are necessary, our $17T national debt and 2016 election 
I said gas prices would sky rocket after election - Opec payback!
Scary. Over 8,332,000 Americans left the work force during Obama's first term  How did Romney lose that election?
Can you imagine if Obama had to give today's press conference before the election? He would have lost.  GOP really blew it.
.GOP’s election loss and failed negotiations will serve as a case study in how third parties come about.
The Republicans must face reality and create a strong and positive immigration policy--if not they will continue to lose elections.
I told the Republicans the debt ceiling talks should come before election--and we would have a Republican president—they wouldn’t listen.
Can you believe the Republicans are studying the Democrats on how to win an election?
"TRUMP: GOP MUST DUMP 'USELESS' ROVE TO WIN PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS"  by mboyle1 Breitbart News
If the Republicans ever want to win a presidential election in the next 30 years they must get rid of Karl Rove.  He is useless.
  Donald Trump: Mean-Spirited GOP Won't Win Elections REALDonald Trump  via Newsmax_Media
Does anyone really believe that President Obama found out about Petraeus immediately after the election?
Surprise-In a post-election delayed release, food stamp rolls surged to biggest monthly increase and an all-time high 
9 million fewer people voted for Obama this election than last and yet the Republicans lost—do you think they might be doing something wrong!
The election was a major setback for economy. All young entrepreneurs should be sure to calculate Obama's policies into their investments.
China's Communist Party has now publicly praised Obama's reelection.  They have never had it so good.  Will own America soon.
Russian leaders are publicly celebrating Obama's reelection.  They can't wait to see how flexible Obama will be now.
Now that the election is over, watch Chrysler ship Jeep production to China--my prediction.
Beijing had a bigger celebration than Chicago last night.  The Chinese are happier with the election than we are.
This was the Republicans election to win but they just blew it--reasons why to follow.
This election is a total sham and a travesty. We are not a democracy!
My Squawk CNBC interview discussing the close election, the enthusiasm gap between Mitt and Obama and the fiscal cliff 
Despite the upcoming election, the cover of paper-thin Time Magazine looks like an ad for the movie Lincoln--sad!
Go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
Tomorrow’s election will have historic repercussions for our country.  Make America strong again.  Vote for Mitt Romney.
My foxandfriends interview discussing newsday’s endorsement of Mitt Romney, tomorrow's election and Sandy's victims 
Make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go Romney!
Castro, Chavez and Ahmadinejad are all anxiously awaiting our election results.  They are praying Obama wins.
Interestingly, the hurricane may now be a disaster for Obama's reelection because of his grandstanding.
.Barbara JWalters called my office to ask me to do election night coverage with her--sadly, I won't be able to do it.
.Chrysler disputes my statement--but watch Chrysler move Jeep jobs to China after the election.
To all Mitt Romney supporters, make sure you have taken advantage of early voting now so you can GOTV on election day.
Today Barack Obama is standing in water in NJ. Remember on election day that he has put the US underwater.
The election is trending towards Mitt Romney. Americans know we can't afford another 4 years of the Obama economic decline.
Don't let Obama buy the election by handing out unlimited free money to states.
Hurricane is good luck for Obama again- he will buy the election by handing out billions of dollars.
My fellow Tea Party friends in Ohio--make sure you take advantage of early voting so you can GOTV election day. Know you can! Must win Ohio.
Be careful of an Obama "bomb" to win election! Would be a horrible thing to do.
The election is still close but trending toward Mitt Romney. He leads all national polls and Obama's likeability is imploding. VOTE!
Watch me explain on the Late_Show how my charitable offer to Obama changes the election and is about transparency 
Trump to Obama: $5 million donation to charity if you release passport and college records  Election2012
No matter what happens in the election, davidaxelrod deserves a lot of credit. He has kept Obama in it, even with his terrible record.
"This is my last election. After my election I have more flexibility." Obama to Medvedev Russia E discussing our nuclear arsenal.
Rev.Billy Graham is doing tremendous work this election cycle educating the Christian community on Mitt Romney.
Can't believe we are less than three weeks away from the election. Time certainly flies!
For political purposes only, Obama is planning to hit Libya for the Benghazi embassy attack right before the election?
It's Thursday and only 26 days until the election. How many illegal donations from China and Saudi Arabia did Obama collect today?
27 days until America's greatest test since our founding. In this election, we decide whether we become great again.
When will the unemployment numbers be corrected? Sadly, after the election!
California gas prices going thru the roof, others to follow. An election-losing event for Obama.
How long did it take for Obama to call Hugo Chavez and congratulate him on his 'reelection?' Who do you think Chavez supports in ours?
Woody Johnson's comments that he would rather have Mitt Romney win the election than his nyjets win games shows real patriotism.
Wednesday's debate is day one of the election. Over 70 million voters will be watching.
Only 36 days until the election. Mitt Romney needs to stay on offense. Make Obama's terrible record the issue. Time To Get Tough
I hope the RNC is ready for a Third Party if they blow this election because that is what they will face. They must fight hard.
40 days until the election. Crunch time. Mitt Romney must stay on offense and take the fight to Obama.
A clip of my Liberty U speech talking about the importance of the election and our country's potential  viawashingtonpost
The debates are going to have a big impact on the election. Mitt Romney has proved--in Florida--he delivers under pressure.
With 49 days until the election, Mitt Romney needs to stay on offense. He should not be apologizing. Deflect onto Obama's record.
With 50 days until the election, it is Time To Get Tough for Mitt Romney and GOP
"Trump: If Republicans 'don't get tough, they're not going to win this election'"   Via thehill
Hey Kim Kardashian--I hear you are undecided in the election. I can explain why you should vote for Mitt Romney.
My CNBCClosing Bell interview discussing QE3, the housing market, my stock picks and the 2012 election 
When will Obama next go on vacation if he wins the election? The day after.
I hope the GOP realizes that if they blow this election the Tea Party won't be with them next time.
"Trump: If Republicans 'don't get tough, they're not going to win this election'"   via thehill
My Squawk CNBC Trump Tuesday interview discussing the 2012 election, OPEC ripping us off and Mitt Romney's job policy  
.Barack Obama is begging the Eurozone to keep Greece in until after 11.6.12. He thinks the world revolves around his re-election.
My gretawire interview discussing why Barack Obama is not a nice guy, and who will win the 2012 election  
I always said Barack Obama will attack Iran, in some form, prior to the election.
.Israel could very well be close to attacking Iran. Could be this election's big October surprise...
My WOR710 interview on The John Gambling Show discussing the 2012 election, Trump real estate projects and our airports 
More lies and deceptions--Barack Obama is having his ex-staffers write 'independent' studies for his reelection 
No member of Congress should be eligible for re-election if our country's budget is not balanced---deficits not allowed!
My Squawk CNBC interview discussing  2012 election polls, Mitt Romney's current trip and the US housing and land market 
SHOCK--Hugo Chavez endorses Barack Obama  Will he be in Chicago on election night too?
My seanhannity interview where I discuss Barack Obama's Job Council, Real Sheriff Joe's investigation and 2012 election 
My Squawk CNBC interview discussing why the Fed shouldn't do a QE3, Barack Obama's college records and 2012 election  
Congratulations to FLGov Scott on winning access to federal database   He is making FL a safe and legal election for 2012
Wow--such sacrfices for his re-election. Barack Obama will not vacation in Martha's Vineyard this summer.
I believe Barack Obama made a deal with the Saudis to increase oil production until after the election. Then (cont) 
Unemployment has been over 8% for a record 40 straight months. Mitt Romney's election will end the Barack Obama downturn.
Many Democrats up for reelection in 2012 are skipping the DNC convention in Charlotte  Smart politics!
Now even Barack Obama's old professors are coming out in opposition to his re-election.   He has embarrassed them.
Today's announcement by Barack Obama on immigration was done for reelection. He is using the office of the presidency as a campaign tool.
Good--FLGov Scott is suing the Federal Government so he can protect the voter rolls    Florida must be a legal election.
It's good to see that FLGov Scott is protecting the sanctity of this November's elections, Voter fraud must be broken.
We have all been following the Wisconsin recall election. Scott KWalker's victory tonight will be well-earned. A Governor who gets results.
My gretawire interview discussing the economy, unemployment numbers, China, Charles Barkley,France and the election  
The election result in France is very disappointing. The Europeans have to embrace austerity in order for their economy to fully recover.
I wonder why Barack Obama is now spending $8B to postpone Obamacare's Medicare Cuts until after the election? 
Mitt Romney is right--this election is about jobs  But it is interesting that Barack Obama (cont) 
Remember what I said about Barack Obama attacking Iran before the election--I hope the Iranians are not so (cont) 
He Barack Obama made a deal with Saudi Arabia to pump the hell out of oil until after the election. Watch what (cont) 
I wonder if Barack Obama has promised Iran and China that he can be more flexible after his last election?
He Barack Obama is caught on tape making election promises to Medvedev Russia E on missile defense and national security 
Why gas prices will cost Barack Obama re-election: pain-at-the-pump-not-good-for-obama 
Barack Obama is hard at work today on his highest priority--his reelection. Barack Obama has 5 fundraisers in 2 cities.
Seems to be the next election must be about jobs and gas prices--not birth control.
The Islamists are taking over Egypt through the election.   Why did Barack Obama force Mubarak out? He was an ally.
Barack Obama’s SOTU ratings were down 12% from 2011   He can't even deliver ratings in an election year.
My Fox News with gretawire discussing the Keystone pipeline, Re-election is more important than 20,000 jobs and (cont) 
My Fox News interview with megynkelly discussing the 2012 election and the Newsmax-iontv debate 
My interview on WOR710 with Jon Gambling discussing Time To Get Tough, meeting Newt Gingrich and the 2012 election 
Washington will continue to run record deficits into the election. We are borrowing at a rate of $1.40 from China. Truly unsustainable.
Barack Obama will attack Iran in the not too distant future because it will help him win the election. If the… (cont) 
2012 is the most important election of my lifetime. Barack Obama must be defeated.
THe 2012 election is the most important in my lifetime. We must nominate a candidate who will win and will roll back Barack Obama's damage.
The only job Barack Obama cares about is his own. Everything he does is for his own reelection.
Obama Care’s taxes vest in 2014. Conveniently after the 2012 election. Coincidence?
There usually is an easy solution to every problem. For instance, a lot of our country's problems can be solved in next year's election.
