 Fox News confirms 7 hours after OANN.  
 Here's a preview of tonight's Life, Liberty and Levin on Fox News at 8pm eastern. 
 Fox News’ Jesse Watters: Impeachment ‘Boring’ So Far, ‘Not a Sexy Scandal,’ Americans Don’t Care About Ukraine …
 Media ignoring Bidens' Ukraine dealings to protect ex-VP, Corey Lewandowski alleges | Fox News 
....of the correction which they knew about full well! “Fox News Pollster Braun Research Misrepresented Impeachment Poll: Analysis” NYPost
 Did Mueller lie to Congress about meeting with Trump before he took the special counsel job? | Fox News ⁦Gregg Jarrett⁩  ht…
 Fox News’ Gregg Jarrett exposes Joe Biden’s *obvious* Corruption and why Congressional Democrats’ push for impeachment is…
 Love You Mark Levin for calling Ed Henry out on Fox News. Ed Henry has turned into fake news ship him to CNN. Get Ed Henry of…
 Mark Levin took Ed Henry, Fox News, to school and exposed Henry's fake reporting and his  misrepresentation of  contents of doc…
 TV RATINGS: Thursday August 22nd, Fox News had a commanding lead over MSNBC and CNN in total viewers, with the most-watched h…
.Sean Hannity is having a DEEP STATE SHOW tonight on Fox News at 9:00 PM (E), exposing the tremendous abuse of power that has been uncovered. Tremendous guests, a must see – Enjoy!
 SPEAKER ANNOUNCEMENT!  Fox News Contributor Lisa Marie Booth Has Just Been Added To Our AMAZING Line-Up Of Speakers For YWLS2019…
 Every CNN Presidential Town Hall Finished Behind MSNBC And Fox News In Ratings 
 “I complained plenty about Fox News, but I never threatened to shut them down.”  It’s probably a good time to remind you th…
“Fox News has learned that Bruce Ohr wrote Christopher Steele following the firing of James Comey saying that he was afraid the anti-Trump Russia probe will be exposed.”  Charles Payne  Fox Business   How much more does Mueller have to see? They have blinders on - RIGGED!
 Fox News has been 1 for 197 months straight. In the latest ratings disaster for CNN they lost another 25% of their view…
NEW BOOK - A MUST READ! “The Russia Hoax - The Illicit Scheme to Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump” by the brilliant Fox News Legal Analyst Gregg Jarrett. A sad chapter for law enforcement. A rigged system!
 Fox News With Hannity's Help Regains Its Ratings Dominance By Peter Barry Chowka at The Hagmann report …
 TONIGHT on "Justice," Judge Jeanine talks to special guests Eric Trump and Lara Lea Trump - Tune in at 9p ET on Fox News Channe…
 FOX NEWS EXCLUSIVE: President Trump 'seriously considering' a pardon for ex-Sheriff Joe Arpaio 
 FOX NEWS ALERT: 2 US drone strikes in Somalia target Al Qaeda and Al-Shabaab 
 FOX NEWS ALERT: North Korea responds to U.S. with Guam attack plan as Secretary Mattis warns Kim Jung Un “he is grossly…
 FOX NEWS ALERT: U.S. flexes its defense muscles, destroys incoming test missile off coast of Alaska …
 FOX NEWS ALERT: ISIS claims responsibility for hostage siege in Melbourne, Australia that killed 1 person and injured 3…
 FOX NEWS ALERT: Jihadis using religious visa to enter US, experts warn (via Fox Friends First) 
I will be interviewed today on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:00 (Eastern) Network. ENJOY!
I will be interviewed on The O'Reilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel. oreillyfactor
I am watching two clown announcers on Fox News as they try to build up failed presidential candidate Little Marco. Fox News is in the bag!
Fox News Poll Thank you, New Hampshire! FITN Trump2016 
New Fox News Poll Thank you, Iowa! Trump2016  IACaucus 
"schnoepoe: foxnews I find myself more and more drawn to CNN for fairness regarding real Donald Trump" The Fox News Sunday pundits a joke!
I will be interviewed on jaketapper CNN at 9:00 A.M. and Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:O0  A.M. CNN Iowa Poll -13 point lead!
"Mr_Holtzworth: real Donald Trump Sarah Palin Defends Donald Trump's Immigration Plan On Fox News  via You Tube"
"Thoma Olivia: Donald Trump Hands ‘Fox News Sunday’ Its Biggest Crowd In 6 Years  " Great!
Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace will be re-broadcast on Fox News  at 6:00 P.M.
Replay of Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on Fox News. Big statement made by Chris!
I will be interviewed on Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 9:00 A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on location). Will be tough but good!
I will be on Face The Nation (CBS) today at 10:30 A.M. and Media Buzz (Fox News) at 11:00 A.M. Enjoy!
via Bloomberg: Fox News Couldn't Kill Trump's Momentum, Made Him Stronger Fox News business   
"kpdelbridge: FOX NEWS-Get your facts straight! Trump did not put down Vets-he put down a clown named Mc Cain! seanhannity
"The Voting Venue: real Donald Trump when Fox News tries to push Jeb on their viewers, remind them of this article: "
"rtoneff25: real Donald Trump just kicked ass on Fox News. Guy is a winner"  Thank you!
"joncford: real Donald Trump Team Bobby Ewing Fox News Karl Rove I'm just about done with Fox news!"
"Joseph Schleider: real Donald Trump good interview on Fox News Radio. You are my preferred candidate for the USA presidency Alan Colmes
"thegurleygirl: Your interview on Fox News was great!We need you and the country knows you're the person who can save our country!Trump2016"
"Cordizzzle: Howard Stern getting a lot of praise from real Donald Trump on Fox News about Joan Rivers funeral. 👍" Howard did a great job!
"bahia6085: real Donald Trump Saw Show on IVANKA Fox News. Very good. She is a great role model--like you," Thank you!
"ry_connolly: real Donald Trump telling it like it is on Fox News right now, Mexico is spitting in Obama's face and he does nothing legend"
"bluestar4fan: real Donald Trump CNN Been a long time since CNN was great. Could learn lessons in greatness from you and FOX News." True!
I will be ON THE RECORD with Greta Van Susteren gretawire tonight at 7 pm eastern/FOX News Channel
I'll be on gretawire On the Record tonight to talk about the Obama Care fiasco--7 pm on Fox News
I will be doing Greta Van Susteren gretawire tonight at 10 PM on Fox News, talking about China and Mitt's failed campaign team.
I will be on Greta gretawire tonight at 10 PM on Fox News.
"Sam_Kotowski: Once again real Donald Trump does a great job on Fox News w/ Greta. Run for president! RT I'm a huge fan!!!" Thank you!
I will be On The Record with Greta Van Susteren gretawire tonight at 10 PM on Fox News.
I'll be on gretawire tonight at 10 PM Fox News
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren gretawire tonight on Fox News at 10 p.m.
Watch Seanhannity tonight on his show, Hannity, Fox News at 9 pm.  I'll be on and we'll cover the Wall Stree… (cont) 
Tune in tonight to Greta van Susteren's  show, On the Record, which airs on Fox News at 9 p.m.
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren Gretawire tonight at 10 p.m. on Fox News.
My interview with gretawire on Fox News for those who missed it - 'Obama's Constantly on Vacation'      
I was interviewed by Greta Van Susteren today here at Trump Tower.  Tune in tonight on Fox News at 10 p.m.… (cont) 
My interview with Greta last night on Fox News -- "Nation Has Become "All Talk, No Action' "  
My interview last night with Greta on Fox News    
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren on her show, On the Record, tonight on Fox News in the 10 p.m. hour.
Catch the second part of my interview with Bill O'Reilly tonight at 8pm on Fox News....
Watch me tonight on The O'Reilly Factor at 8 pm and 11 pm EST, FOX News
Catch me on Fox News right now, my interview with Neil Cavuto 
This afternoon I'll be speaking with Neil Cavuto on Your World with Neil Cavuto, 4 p.m. on FOX News.
I'll be discussing a variety of topics tonight with Greta Van Susteren, 10 p.m. on Fox News. It will be the first of a two part series.
