Well, it happened again. Amy Klobuchar announced that she is running for President, talking proudly of fighting global warming while standing in a virtual blizzard of snow, ice and freezing temperatures. Bad timing. By the end of her speech she looked like a Snowman(woman)!
Be careful and try staying in your house. Large parts of the Country are suffering from  tremendous amounts of snow and near record setting cold. Amazing how big this system is. Wouldn’t be bad to have a little of that good old fashioned Global Warming right now!
Brutal and Extended Cold Blast could shatter ALL RECORDS - Whatever happened to Global Warming?
In the East, it could be the COLDEST New Year’s Eve on record. Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old Global Warming that our Country, but not other countries, was going to pay TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS to protect against. Bundle up!
It's really cold outside, they are calling it a major freeze, weeks ahead of normal. Man, we could use a big fat dose of global warming!
Record setting cold and snow, ice caps massive! The only global warming we should fear is that caused by nuclear weapons - incompetent pols.
Among the lowest temperatures EVER in much of the United States. Ice caps at record size. Changed name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE
Wow, 25 degrees below zero, record cold and snow spell. Global warming anyone?
Record low temperatures and massive amounts of snow. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING?
"blazaruk: "RT Where the hell is global warming when you need it?" I dearly hope you are able to take up the flag of the GOP in 2016"
Where the hell is global warming when you need it?
"Dutty Val202: “real Donald Trump: It's record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming, we need some fast!”
It's record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming, we need some fast!
For those that constantly say that “global warming” is now “climate change”—they changed the name. The name global warming wasn’t working
There are many Jonathan Gruber types selling the global warming "stuff" - and they really do believe the American public is stupid.
Just like Jonathan Gruber viciously lied and called Americans “stupid” on Obama Care, many consultants are doing the same on Global Warming.
The entire country is  FREEZING - we desperately need a heavy dose of global warming, and fast! Ice caps size reaches all time high.
Just out - the POLAR ICE CAPS are at an all time high, the POLAR BEAR population has never been stronger. Where the hell is global warming?
As ISIS and Ebola spread like wildfire, the Obama administration just submitted a paper on how to stop climate change (aka global warming).
Great article on so-called climate change, formerly known as global warming. 
Windmills are the greatest threat in the US to both bald and golden eagles. Media claims fictional ‘global warming’ is worse.
It's late in July and it is really cold outside in New York. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING??? We need some fast!  It's now CLIMATE CHANGE
Tremendous cold wave hits large part of U.S. Lucky they changed the name from global warming to climate change - G.W. just doesn't work!
The only global warming that people should be concerned with is the global warming caused by nuclear weapons because of our weak U.S. leader
They only changed the term to CLIMATE CHANGE when the words GLOBAL WARMING didn't work anymore. Come on people, get smart!
Record cold temperatures in July - 20 to 30 degrees colder than normal. What the hell happened to GLOBAL WARMING?
I wonder if when Secy. Kerry goes to Iraq and Afghanistan he pushes hard for them to look at GLOBAL WARMING and study the carbon footprint?
The global warming we should be worried about is the global warming caused by NUCLEAR WEAPONS in the hands of crazy or incompetent leaders!
In New York, March was the coldest month in recorded history - we could use some GLOBAL WARMING!
Baltimore just set a record for the coldest day in March in a long recorded history - 4 degrees. Other places likewise. Global warming con!
Congrats to Charles krauthammer for his statements on climate change, formerly known as global warming!
"Michael_KSC: real Donald Trump thedropkicks Whether Global Warming or Climate change. The fact is We didn't cause it. We cannot change it.
It's not climate change,it's global warming.Don't let the dollar sucking wiseguys change names midstream because the first name didn't work
Don't let the GLOBAL WARMING wiseguys get away with changing the name to CLIMATE CHANGE because the FACTS do not let GW tag to work anymore!
A big part of the country, even the southern states, is under massive attack from snow and freezing cold. Global warming anyone?
When will our country stop wasting money on global warming and so many other truly "STUPID" things and begin to focus on lower taxes?
Massive record setting  snowstorm and freezing temperatures in U.S. Smart that GLOBAL WARMING hoaxsters changed name to CLIMATE CHANGE! $$$$
Watch commodity prices soar because of the freezing cold. Will be bad for the economy. We could use some global warming.
Obama said in his SOTU that “global warming is a fact.” Sure, about as factual as “if you like your healthcare, you can keep it.”
With one of the worst and most prolonged cold spells in history, with Atlanta, Texas and parts of Florida freezing- Global Warming anyone?
Give me clean, beautiful and healthy air - not the same old climate change (global warming) bullshit! I am tired of hearing this nonsense.
The weather has been so cold for so long that the global warming HOAXSTERS were forced to change the name to climate change to keep $ flow!
Snowing in Texas and Louisiana, record setting freezing temperatures throughout the country and beyond. Global warming is an expensive hoax!
Any and all weather events are used by the GLOBAL WARMING HOAXSTERS to justify higher taxes to save our planet! They don't believe it $$$$!
"dawson_Stock: Don't forget. "Global warming" can also mean earth is getting colder! That way they cover both sides of the fence!"
NBC News just called it the great freeze - coldest weather in years. Is our country still spending money on the GLOBAL WARMING HOAX?
We are experiencing the coldest weather in more than two decades-most people never remember anything like this. GLOBAL WARMING anyone?
"princebe:  Antarctic ice shelf melt 'lowest EVER recorded, global warming is NOT eroding it'  via theregister"
Record snowfall and freezing temps throughout the country. Where is Global Warming when you need it?!
"Mele Mallory: real Donald Trump You know it's actually called CLIMATE CHANGE, right? That's only because GLOBAL WARMING wasn't working!
This very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit has got to stop. Our planet is freezing, record low temps,and our GW scientists are stuck in ice
The con artists changed the name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE when GLOBAL WARMING was no longer working and credibility was lost!
What the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING. The planet is freezing, the ice is building and the G.W. scientists are stuck-a total con job
Temperature at record lows in many parts of the country. 50 degrees below zero with wind chill in large area. Global warming folks iced in!
The global warming  scientists don't want to be airlifted off the ship-they are having too much fun and that is too simple a solution-FAME!
We should be focused on clean and beautiful air-not expensive and business closing GLOBAL WARMING-a total hoax!
The rescue icebreaker, trying to free the ship of the GLOBAL WARMING scientists, has turned back-the ice is  massive (a record). IRONIC!
It is really too bad that the scientists studying GLOBAL WARMING in Antarctica got stuck on their icebreaker because of massive ice and cold
We should be focusing on beautiful, clean air and not on wasteful and very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit! China and others are hurting our air
They call it "climate change" now because the words "global warming" didn't work anymore. Same people fighting hard to keep it all going!
59% of the United States, by area, is now covered in snow-highest % in many years. The "global warming" name isn't working anymore-SORRY!
Wow, it's snowing in Isreal and on the pyramids in Egypt. Are we still wasting billions on the global warming con? MAKE U.S. COMPETITIVE!
This is one of the COLDEST WINTERS ever, freezing all over the country for long periods of time! So much for GLOBAL WARMING.
We should be focused on magnificently clean and healthy air and not distracted by the expensive hoax that is global warming!
Ice storm rolls from Texas to Tennessee - I'm in Los Angeles and it's freezing. Global warming is a total, and very expensive, hoax!
The problem w/ the concept of "global warming" is that the U.S. is spending a fortune on "fixing it" while China and others do nothing!
Wow, record setting cold temperatures throughout large parts of the country. Must be global warming, I mean climate change!
Denver, Minnesota and others are bracing for some of the coldest weather on record. What are the global warming geniuses saying about this?
The least number of hurricanes in the U.S. in decades. So they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it
They changed the name global warming to climate change because the concept of global warming just wasn't working!
The people that gave you global warming are the same people that gave you Obama Care!
Snow and ice, freezing weather, in Texas, Arizona and Oklahoma - what the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING?
I wonder if the Rutgers coach who had the audacity to yell at the player is a proponent of global warming?
Where’s the global warming? 2013 was one of the least extreme years in weather on record 
So much for ‘global warming.’ Earth is cooling at a record pace 
Surprise? 1970’s global cooling alarmists were pushing same no-growth liberal agenda as today’s global warming 
For the disciples of global warming, in 150 summers (years) there have been 20 heat waves as bad or worse than current-this has happened b4!
We are being embarrassed by Russia and China on Snowden (and much more) yet Obama is talking about global warming on Tuesday.
It's 46º (really cold) and snowing in New York on Memorial Day - tell the so-called "scientists" that we want global warming right now!
"Old Man Conroy: It's called "climate change". No, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
It's freezing outside, where the hell is "global warming"??
32º in New York - it's freezing! Where the hell is global warming when you need it?
Snow and freezing weather all over mid-section of Country. Global warming specialists better start thinking fast!
"Jenil93_: real Donald Trump No melting of ice caps in the degree that global warming predicted. On the contrary increased ice in Antarctica
Wrong, used to be called global warming and when that name didn't work, they deftly changed it to climate change-because it's freezing!
It’s freezing in New York—where the hell is global warming?
Via financialpost: “Climate changing for global warming journalists” by Lawrence Solomon (cont) 
Another freezing day in the Spring - what is going on with "global warming"?  Good move changing the name to "climate change" - sad!
UK is freezing through longest and coldest winter in over 50 years  Where’s the global warming? gatewaypundit
They changed the name from “global warming” to “climate change” after the term global warming just wasn’t working (it was too cold)!
It’s springtime and it just started snowing in NYC. What is going on with global warming?
Looks like the U.S. will be having the coldest March since 1996-global warming anyone?????????
It’s snowing and freezing in NYC. What the hell ever happened to global warming?
The freezing cold weather across the country is brutal.  Must be all that global warming.
Watch Obama push major global warming legislation early in his second term...
It is snowing in Jerusalem and across Lebanon.  Global warming!
It's freezing and snowing in New York--we need global warming!
The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.
We can't destroy the competitiveness of our factories in order to prepare for nonexistent global warming. China is thrilled with us!
Great article in the New York Post by Ben Garrett--"Don't Blame Sandy on Global Warming" 
It’s extremely cold in NY and NJ—not good for flood victims. Where is global warming?
Global warming is based on faulty science and manipulated data which is proven by the emails that were leaked 
Let's continue to destroy the competitiveness of our factories and manufacturing so we can fight mythical global warming. China is so happy!
Do you believe algore is blaming global warming for the hurricane?
In the 1920's people were worried about global cooling--it never happened. Now it's global warming. Give me a break!
According to Barack Obama the War on Terror is over   but global warming is a national (cont) 
Waste! With a $16T debt and $1T budget deficit, Barack Obama is sending $770M overseas "to fight global warming" 
Global warming has been proven to be a canard repeatedly over and over again.   The left needs a dose of reality.
Newly released emails prove that scientists have manipulated data on global warming. The data is unreliable. 
It snowed over 4 inches this past weekend in New York City. It is still October. So much for Global Warming.
