....Iran will be held fully responsible for lives lost, or damage incurred, at any of our facilities. They will pay a very BIG PRICE! This is not a Warning, it is a Threat. Happy New Year!
To those many millions of people in Iraq who want freedom and who don’t want to be dominated and controlled by Iran, this is your time!
Iran killed an American contractor, wounding many. We strongly responded, and always will. Now Iran is orchestrating an attack on the U.S. Embassy in Iraq. They will be held fully responsible. In addition, we expect Iraq to use its forces to protect the Embassy, and so notified!
Russia, Syria, and Iran are killing, or on their way to killing, thousands of innocent civilians in Idlib Province. Don’t do it! Turkey is working hard to stop this carnage.
Russia, Syria, and Iran are killing, or on their way to killing, thousands if inocent civilians in Idlib Province. Don’t do it! Turkey is working hard to stop this carnage.
Just had a very good meeting with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and representatives of Russia. Discussed many items including Trade, Iran, North Korea, INF Treaty, Nuclear Arms Control, and Election Meddling. Look forward to continuing our dialogue in the near future! 
The United States will not rest until we bring every American wrongfully detained in Iran and around the world back home to their loved ones! 
Taken during the Obama Administration (despite $150 Billion gift), returned during the Trump Administration. Thank you to Iran on a very fair negotiation. See, we can make a deal together! 
The United States of America supports the brave people of Iran who are protesting for their FREEDOM. We have under the Trump Administration, and always will!
....They want ZERO transparency, thinking the world will not find out the death and tragedy that the Iranian Regime is causing!
Iran has become so unstable that the regime has shut down their entire Internet System so that the Great Iranian people cannot talk about the tremendous violence taking place within the country....
If Iran is able to turn over to the U.S. kidnapped former FBI Agent Robert A. Levinson, who has been missing in Iran for 12 years, it would be a very positive step. At the same time, upon information and belief, Iran is, and has been, enriching uranium. THAT WOULD BE A VERY BAD STEP!
 العراق: حرق جدار القنصلية الإيرانية في كربلاء 
 BREAKING: Dozens of Iraqi demonstrators have stormed the Iranian consulate in Karbala, lowering the flag and burning part o…
....almost 3 years, but it is time for us to get out of these ridiculous Endless Wars, many of them tribal, and bring our soldiers home. WE WILL FIGHT WHERE IT IS TO OUR BENEFIT, AND ONLY FIGHT TO WIN. Turkey, Europe, Syria, Iran, Iraq, Russia and the Kurds will now have to.....
Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on them in order to meet. I said, of course, NO!
I have just instructed the Secretary of the Treasury to substantially increase Sanctions on the country of Iran!
Remember when Iran shot down a drone, saying knowingly that it was in their “airspace” when, in fact, it was nowhere close. They stuck strongly to that story knowing that it was a very big lie. Now they say that they had nothing to do with the attack on Saudi Arabia. We’ll see?
The Fake News is saying that I am willing to meet with Iran, “No Conditions.” That is an incorrect statement (as usual!).
Being scolded by failed former “Intelligence” officials, like James Clapper, on my condolences to Iran on their failed Rocket launch. Sadly for the United States, guys like him, Comey, and the even dumber John Brennan, don’t have a clue. They really set our Country back,....
The United States of America was not involved in the catastrophic accident during final launch preparations for the Safir SLV Launch at Semnan Launch Site One in Iran. I wish Iran best wishes and good luck in determining what happened at Site One. 
In France we are all laughing at how knowingly inaccurate the U.S. reporting of events and conversations at the G-7 is. These Leaders, and many others, are getting a major case study of Fake News at it’s finest! They’ve got it all wrong, from Iran, to China Tariffs, to Boris!
Iran is in serious financial trouble. They want desperately to talk to the U.S., but are given mixed signals from all of those purporting to represent us, including President Macron of France....
 Joining VP condemning Iran’s reported punishment of Mahrokh Kanbari for practicing her Christian beliefs.   America ca…
China, Iran and other foreign countries are looking at the Democrat Candidates and “drooling” over the small prospect that they could be dealing with them in the not too distant future. They would be able to rip off our beloved USA like never before. With President Trump, NO WAY!
Just remember, the Iranians never won a war, but never lost a negotiation!
The Report of Iran capturing CIA spies is totally false. Zero truth. Just more lies and propaganda (like their shot down drone) put out by a Religious Regime that is Badly Failing and has no idea what to do. Their Economy is dead, and will get much worse. Iran is a total mess!
I want to apprise everyone of an incident in the Strait of Hormuz today, involving USSBoxer, a U.S. Navy amphibious assault ship. The BOXER took defensive action against an Iranian drone.... 
“It seems that the Brits and the French and the Germans are coming around to the idea that the Iranians are up to no good!” Bill Hemmer Fox News
Iran has long been secretly “enriching,” in total violation of the terrible 150 Billion Dollar deal made by John Kerry and the Obama Administration. Remember, that deal was to expire in a short number of years. Sanctions will soon be increased, substantially!
Iran has just issued a New Warning. Rouhani says that they will Enrich Uranium to “any amount we want” if there is no new Nuclear Deal. Be careful with the threats, Iran. They can come back to bite you like nobody has been bitten before!
Iran was violating the 150 Billion Dollar (plus 1.8 Billion Dollar in CASH) Nuclear Deal with the United States, and others who paid NOTHING, long before I became President - and they have now breached their stockpile limit. Not good!
....Iran’s very ignorant and insulting statement, put out today, only shows that they do not understand reality. Any attack by Iran on anything American will be met with great and overwhelming force. In some areas, overwhelming will mean obliteration. No more John Kerry and Obama!
Iran leadership doesn’t understand the words “nice” or “compassion,” they never have. Sadly, the thing they do understand is Strength and Power, and the USA is by far the most powerful Military Force in the world, with 1.5 Trillion Dollars invested over the last two years alone..
....The wonderful Iranian people are suffering, and for no reason at all. Their leadership spends all of its money on Terror, and little on anything else. The U.S. has not forgotten Iran’s use of IED’s and EFP’s (bombs), which killed 2000 Americans, and wounded many more...
....a dangerous journey. We don’t even need to be there in that the U.S. has just become (by far) the largest producer of Energy anywhere in the world! The U.S. request for Iran is very simple - No Nuclear Weapons and No Further Sponsoring of Terror!
I never called the strike against Iran “BACK,” as people are incorrectly reporting, I just stopped it from going forward at this time!
....Sanctions come off Iran, and they become a productive and prosperous nation again - The sooner the better!
Iran cannot have Nuclear Weapons! Under the terrible Obama plan, they would have been on their way to Nuclear in a short number of years, and existing verification is not acceptable. We are putting major additional Sanctions on Iran on Monday. I look forward to the day that.....
I am at Camp David working on many things, including Iran! We have a great Economy, Tariffs have been very helpful both with respect to the huge Dollars coming IN, and on helping to make good Trade Deals. The Dow heading to BEST June in 80 years! Stock Market BEST June in 50 years!
....proportionate to shooting down an unmanned drone. I am in no hurry, our Military is rebuilt, new,  and ready to go, by far the best in the world. Sanctions are biting and more added last night. Iran can NEVER have Nuclear Weapons, not against the USA, and not against the WORLD!
President Obama made a desperate and terrible deal with Iran - Gave them 150 Billion Dollars plus I.8 Billion Dollars in CASH! Iran was in big trouble and he bailed them out. Gave them a free path to Nuclear Weapons, and SOON. Instead of saying thank you, Iran yelled.....
Iran made a very big mistake!
“Iran to defy Uranium Stockpile Limits”
 Not just the intelligence shows Iran was behind gulf attacks,common sense does too.   It is a fact that only the IRGC Navy…
"It is the assessment of the U.S. government that Iran is responsible for today's attacks in the Gulf of Oman...." State Dept Sec Pompeo 
While I very much appreciate P.M. Abe going to Iran to meet with Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, I personally feel that it is too soon to even think about making a deal. They are not ready, and neither are we!
While I very much appreciate P.M. Abe going to Iran to meet with  Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, I personally feel that it is too soon to even think about making a deal. They are not ready, and neither are we!
Hearing word that Russia, Syria and, to a lesser extent, Iran, are bombing the hell out of Idlib Province in Syria, and indiscriminately killing many innocent civilians. The World is watching this butchery. What is the purpose, what will it get you? STOP!
The Fake News put out a typically false statement, without any knowledge that the United States was trying to set up a negotiation with Iran. This is a false report....
....Iran will call us if and when they are ever ready. In the meantime, their economy continues to collapse - very sad for the Iranian people!
 God Bless President Trump--- Iran's so called leaders must think they're dealing with Bush or Obama.  MAGA America First Do…
If Iran wants to fight, that will be the official end of Iran. Never threaten the United States again!
With all of the Fake and Made Up News out there, Iran can have no idea what is actually going on!
The Fake News Media is hurting our Country with its fraudulent and highly inaccurate coverage of Iran. It is scattershot, poorly sourced (made up), and DANGEROUS. At least Iran doesn’t know what to think, which at this point may very well be a good thing!
....Different opinions are expressed and I make a decisive and final decision - it is a very simple process. All sides, views, and policies are covered. I’m sure that Iran will want to talk soon.
Saudi Arabia and others in OPEC will more than make up the Oil Flow difference in our now Full Sanctions on Iranian Oil. Iran is being given VERY BAD advice by John Kerry and people who helped him lead the U.S. into the very bad Iran Nuclear Deal. Big violation of Logan Act?
 JWPrez Tom Fitton  Mueller Report Confirms Russia Hoax, NEW Deep State Lawsuit, John Kerry Colluding w/ Iran? .…
“The Trump Administration has succeeded in dramatically raising the costs to Iran for its sinister behavior, at no cost to the U.S. or our allies. That’s the definition of a foreign-policy achievement.” Bret Stephens, nytimes  We are getting stronger all over the world, watch!
The ‘Jexodus’ movement encourages Jewish people to leave the Democrat Party. Total disrespect! Republicans are waiting with open arms. Remember Jerusalem (U.S. Embassy) and the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal! OANN  foxandfriends
40 years of corruption. 40 years of repression. 40 years of terror. The regime in Iran has produced only 40Yearsof Failure. The long-suffering Iranian people deserve a much brighter future. 
Just concluded a great meeting with my Intel team in the Oval Office who told me that what they said on Tuesday at the Senate Hearing was mischaracterized by the media - and we are very much in agreement on Iran, ISIS, North Korea, etc. Their testimony was distorted press.... 
Schumer and the Democrats are big fans of being weak and passive with Iran. They have no clue as to the danger they would be inflicting on our Country. Iran is in financial chaos now because of the sanctions and Iran Deal termination. Dems put us in a bad place - but now good!
....a source of potential danger and conflict. They are testing Rockets (last week) and more, and are coming very close to the edge. There economy is now crashing, which is the only thing holding them back. Be careful of Iran. Perhaps Intelligence should go back to school!
The Intelligence people seem to be extremely passive and naive when it comes to the dangers of Iran. They are wrong! When I became President Iran was making trouble all over the Middle East, and beyond. Since ending the terrible Iran Nuclear Deal, they are MUCH different, but....
....Likewise, do not want the Kurds to provoke Turkey. Russia, Iran and Syria have been the biggest beneficiaries of the long term U.S. policy of destroying ISIS in Syria - natural enemies. We also benefit but it is now time to bring our troops back home. Stop the ENDLESS WARS!
For all of the sympathizers out there of Brett Mc Gurk remember, he was the Obama appointee who was responsible for loading up airplanes with 1.8 Billion Dollars in CASH and  sending it to Iran as part of the horrific Iran Nuclear Deal (now terminated) approved by Little Bob Corker.
.....Bob Corker was responsible for giving us the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal, which I ended, yet he badmouths me for wanting to bring our young people safely back home. Bob wanted to run and asked for my endorsement. I said NO and the game was over. MAGA I LOVE TENNESSEE!
So hard to believe that Lindsey Graham would be against saving soldier lives and billions of $$$. Why are we fighting for our enemy, Syria, by staying and killing ISIS for them, Russia, Iran and other locals? Time to focus on our Country and bring our youth back home where they belong!
....Russia, Iran, Syria and many others are not happy about the U.S. leaving, despite what the Fake News says, because now they will have to fight ISIS and others, who they hate, without us. I am building by far the most powerful military in the world. ISIS hits us they are doomed!
Getting out of Syria was no surprise. I’ve been campaigning on it for years, and six months ago, when I very publicly wanted to do it, I agreed to stay longer. Russia, Iran, Syria and others are the local enemy of ISIS. We were doing there work. Time to come home and rebuild. MAGA
The Democrats and President Obama gave Iran 150 Billion Dollars and got nothing, but they can’t give 5 Billion Dollars for National Security and a Wall?
New York, get out and VOTE for John Faso Ny, a great and hardworking Congressman. We need John’s voice in D.C. His opponent just moved to the area - is Pro-Iran and Anti-Israel. Vote for John. Has my Strong Endorsement!
Despite requests, I have no plans to meet Iranian President Hassan Rouhani. Maybe someday in the future. I am sure he is an absolutely lovely man!
I will Chair the United Nations Security Council meeting on Iran next week!
John Kerry had illegal meetings with the very hostile Iranian Regime, which can only serve to undercut our great work to the detriment of the American people. He told them to wait out the Trump Administration! Was he registered under the Foreign Agents Registration Act? BAD!
President Bashar al-Assad of Syria must not recklessly attack Idlib Province. The Russians and Iranians would be making a grave humanitarian mistake to take part in this potential human tragedy. Hundreds of thousands of people could be killed. Don’t let that happen!
I see that John Kerry, the father of the now terminated Iran deal, is thinking of running for President. I should only be so lucky - although the field that is currently assembling looks really good - FOR ME!
Mark Levin “When they had power they didn’t stop the Russians, the Chinese, the North Koreans, they funded the Iranians and are responsible for the greatest scandal in American history by interfering with our election and trying to undermine the Trump Campaign and Trump Presidency.”
As long as I campaign and/or support Senate and House candidates (within reason), they will win! I LOVE the people, and they certainly seem to like the job I’m doing. If I find the time, in between China, Iran, the Economy and much more, which I must, we will have a giant Red Wave!
The Iran sanctions have officially been cast. These are the most biting sanctions ever imposed, and in November they ratchet up to yet another level. Anyone doing business with Iran will NOT be doing business with the United States. I am asking for WORLD PEACE, nothing less!
Iran, and it’s economy, is going very bad, and fast! I will meet, or not meet, it doesn’t matter - it is up to them!
To Iranian President Rouhani: NEVER, EVER THREATEN THE UNITED STATES AGAIN OR YOU WILL SUFFER CONSEQUENCES THE LIKES OF WHICH FEW THROUGHOUT HISTORY HAVE EVER SUFFERED BEFORE. WE ARE NO LONGER A COUNTRY THAT WILL STAND FOR YOUR DEMENTED WORDS OF VIOLENCE and DEATH. BE CAUTIOUS!
 Iranian Harassment of U.S. Warships:  2015: 22 2016: 36 2017: 14 2018: 0  Source: USNavy
Iranian Harassment of U.S. Warships:  2015: 22 2016: 36 2017: 14 2018: 0  Source: USNavy
Just out that the Obama Administration granted citizenship, during the terrible Iran Deal negotiation, to 2,500 Iranians - including to government officials. How big (and bad) is that?
Just spoke to King Salman of Saudi Arabia and explained to him that, because of the turmoil and disfunction in Iran and Venezuela, I am asking that Saudi Arabia increase oil production, maybe up to 2,000,000 barrels, to make up the difference...Prices to high! He has agreed!
Obama, Schumer and Pelosi did NOTHING about North Korea, and now weak on Crime, High Tax Schumer is telling me what to do at the Summit the Dems could never set up. Schumer failed with North Korea and Iran, we don’t need his advice!
The Obama Administration is now accused of trying to give Iran secret access to the financial system of the United States. This is totally illegal. Perhaps we could get the 13 Angry Democrats to divert some of their energy to this “matter” (as Comey would call it). Investigate!
...but complain and obstruct. They made only bad deals (Iran) and their so-called Trade Deals are the laughing stock of the world!
Remember how badly Iran was behaving with the Iran Deal in place. They were trying to take over the Middle East by whatever means necessary. Now, that will not happen!
Iran’s Military Budget is up more than 40% since the Obama negotiated Nuclear Deal was reached...just another indicator that it was all a big lie. But not anymore!
Senator Cryin’ Chuck Schumer fought hard against the Bad Iran Deal, even going at it with President Obama, and then Voted AGAINST it! Now he says I should not have terminated the deal - but he doesn’t really believe that! Same with Comey. Thought he was terrible until I fired him!
The Iran Deal is defective at its core. If we do nothing, we know what will happen. In just a short time, the world’s leading state sponsor of terror will be on the cusp of acquiring the world’s most dangerous weapons.... 
 "Finally, I want to deliver a message to the long-suffering people of Iran. The people of America stand with you." https://…
 "At the heart of the Iran deal was a giant fiction: that a murderous regime desired only a peaceful nuclear energy program.…
Statement on the Iran Nuclear Deal: 
I will be announcing my decision on the Iran Deal tomorrow from the White House at 2:00pm.
The United States does not need John Kerry’s possibly illegal Shadow Diplomacy on the very badly negotiated Iran Deal.  He was the one that created this MESS in the first place!
Having great meetings and discussions with my friend, President Emmanuel Macron of France. We are in the midst of meetings on Iran, Syria and Trade. We will be holding a joint press conference shortly, here at the White House. 🇺🇸🇫🇷 
Many dead, including women and children, in mindless CHEMICAL attack in Syria. Area of atrocity is in lockdown and encircled by Syrian Army, making it completely inaccessible to outside world. President Putin, Russia and Iran are responsible for backing Animal Assad. Big price...
.....They can help solve problems with North Korea, Syria, Ukraine, ISIS, Iran and even the coming Arms Race. Bush tried to get along, but didn’t have the “smarts.” Obama and Clinton tried, but didn’t have the energy or chemistry (remember RESET). PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH!
Never gotten over the fact that Obama was able to send $1.7 Billion Dollars in CASH to Iran and nobody in Congress, the FBI or Justice called for an investigation!
Such respect for the people of Iran as they try to take back their corrupt government. You will see great support from the United States at the appropriate time!
The people of Iran are finally acting against the brutal and corrupt Iranian regime. All of the money that President Obama so foolishly gave them went into terrorism and into their “pockets.” The people have little food, big inflation and no human rights. The U.S. is watching!
Iran is failing at every level despite the terrible deal made with them by the Obama Administration. The great Iranian people have been repressed for many years. They are hungry for food and for freedom. Along with human rights, the wealth of Iran is being looted. TIME FOR CHANGE!
Iran, the Number One State of Sponsored Terror with numerous violations of Human Rights occurring on an hourly basis, has now closed down the Internet so that peaceful demonstrators cannot communicate. Not good!
Big protests in Iran. The people are finally getting wise as to how their money and wealth is being stolen and squandered on terrorism. Looks like they will not take it any longer. The USA is watching very closely for human rights violations!
Oppressive regimes cannot endure forever, and the day will come when the Iranian people will face a choice. The world is watching! 
The entire world understands that the good people of Iran want change, and, other than the vast military power of the United States, that Iran’s people are what their leaders fear the most.... 
Many reports of peaceful protests by Iranian citizens fed up with regime’s corruption and its squandering of the nation’s wealth to fund terrorism abroad. Iranian govt should respect their people’s rights, including right to express themselves. The world is watching! Iran Protests
Bob Corker, who helped President O give us the bad Iran Deal and couldn't get elected dog catcher in Tennessee, is now fighting Tax Cuts....
"Iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance w/the nuclear deal, while it brazenly violates the other limits.." Amb. Nikki Haley 
Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran deal made by President Obama, but now that I am involved, he is OK with it. Tell that to Israel, Chuck!
Many people talking, with much agreement, on my Iran speech today. Participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with Iran!
Today, I announced our strategy to confront the Iranian regime’s hostile actions and to ensure that they never acquire a nuclear weapon. 
Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal, and that's about it. We need Health Care, we need Tax Cuts/Reform, we need people that can get the job done!
..my endorsement). He also wanted to be Secretary of State, I said "NO THANKS." He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal!
Iran just test-fired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching Israel.They are also working with North Korea.Not much of an agreement we have!
 "The Iran deal was one of the worst and most one sided transactions the United States has EVER entered into." POTUS real Dona…
72% of refugees admitted into U.S. (2/3 -2/11) during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries: SYRIA, IRAQ, SOMALIA, IRAN, SUDAN, LIBYA and YEMEN
I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, 1 in terror, no problem!
I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, 1in terror, no problem!
Iran is playing with fire - they don't appreciate how "kind" President Obama was to them. Not me!
Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U.S. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal: $150 billion
Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them!
Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there. Obvious long ago!
not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching!
Well, Iran has done it again. Taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. This doesn't happen if I'm president!
HILLARY FAILED ALL OVER THE WORLD. Big League Truth   ❌LIBYA ❌SYRIA ❌IRAN ❌IRAQ ❌ASIA PIVOT ❌RUSSIAN RESET ❌BENGHAZI… 
Sanctions Relief From Clinton-Obama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to Terrorists:  Big League Truth VPDebate
Russia has more warheads than ever, N Korea is testing nukes, and Iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs. Thanks, Hillary Clinton.
Hillary Clinton failed all over the world.  ❌LIBYA ❌SYRIA ❌IRAN ❌IRAQ ❌ASIA PIVOT ❌RUSSIAN RESET ❌BENGHAZI… 
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.
 CLINTON EMAIL LED TO EXECUTION IN IRAN? 
 'Win-lose deal that benefits Iran and hurts United States'... 
The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!
President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding.  I won't dodge questions as your President. 
Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, rise of Iran, and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!
Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal!
"Family Reds Fans: Fox News is really starting to campaign hard for marcorubio. fairandbalancedmyass"  He is weak on illegal immigration!
Iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving them...but they won't buy from U.S., rather Airbus!
In Iran deal we get 4 prisoners. They get $150 billion, 7 most wanted and many off watch list. This will create great incentive for others!
Do you think Iran would have acted so tough if they were Russian sailors? Our country was humiliated.
Iran humiliated the United States with the capture of our 10 sailors. Horrible pictures and images. We are weak. I will NOT forget!
Iran toys with U.S. days before we pay them, ridiculously, billions of dollars. Don't release money. We want our hostages back NOW!
The Iran deal is terrible. Why didn't we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to Russia. SOTU
Iran, with all of the money and all else given to them by Obama, has wanted a way to take over Saudi Arabia and their oil. THEY JUST FOUND IT!
"Carter Banned Iranians From Coming To U.S. During Hostage Crisis" 
"Truth_or_Rumor: real Donald Trump It's not so much that Iran made a good deal, it's that Kerry and Obama gave away the store."  O.K.!
Now that Iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history, they have just moved to block any imports from the U.S.
How can Jeb Bush expect to deal with China, Russia + Iran if he gets caught doing a “plant” during my speech yesterday in NH?
Do you believe this - Iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the U.S. Should have been let go with last deal!
I had a great day in D.C. even though the subject was an unpleasant one, the horrible Iran Nuke deal. Amazing crowd and enthusiasm!
I will be speaking at the Stop Iran Deal rally shortly- watch live here- 
See you in D.C. tomorrow at 1:00 P.M. at the Capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with Iran. Really sad!
"americanhowl: While real Donald Trump rallies No Iran Deal tomorrow, Jeb Bush will call China to ask for donations  "
Via USATODAY- "Amateur hour with the Iran nuclear deal" 
Tomorrow in DC: 1 PM West Front Lawn of the Capitol. Not even believable that we would do this deal with Iran.
Look forward to being in DC tomorrow—big crowd expected for our protest against the truly stupid nuclear deal we are making with Iran.
Looking forward to being with Sen Ted Cruz at our big rally in D.C. on Wednesday (1:00 P.M. at the Capitol) to protest insane Iran nuke deal!
Both Washington D.C. and DALLAS are turning out to be really big events. D.C. is protest of incompetent Iran deal and Dallas is big speech!
I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday,1 P.M.,in front of the Capitol, to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with Iran.
Saudi Arabia was "vehemently" against the Iran nuclear deal. Then today they embraced it. What happened? What did we give them to endorse?
"Letty NTX: Obama left our American hostages in Iran. Trump2016 real Donald Trump"
The deal with Iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. The U.S. lost on virtually every point. We just don't win anymore!
"Letty NTX: Obama left our American hostages in Iran. Trump2016 real Donald Trump" Sadly, so true!
A terrible deal with Iran! 
"Pete Nice1976: real Donald Trump irisodle Tough Times NEED A Tough PRESIDENT Silent Majority is back and Trump will handle Iran Deal and ISIS
The Iran Deal is a catastrophe that must be stopped. Will lead to at least partial world destruction and make Iran a force like never before.
Obama’s nuclear deal with the Iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. It has to be stopped.
.Iran Deal will go down as one of the dumbest and most dangerous misjudgments ever entered into in history of our country—incompetent leader!
"Mitch Prefach: Donald Trump Iowa speech excellent. Particularly the end about Israel and Iran. More foreign policy please. You have my vote.
"fedupwithgovern: Congress Can't Find Money for Veterans *Houses, Feeds, Educates, Provide Drs for illegals *Gives Iran over $200 Billion"
The Iran deal poses a direct national security threat. It must be stopped in Congress. Stand up Republicans!
No deal is better than a bad deal. America out negotiated again.  Iran
FLASHBACK – “Donald Trump Blasts Obama for Failing to Secure Christian Pastor’s Freedom in Iran"   via theblaze’
Iran continues to delay the nuclear deal while doing many bad things behind our backs. Time to WALK and double the sanctions. Stop payments!
Watched chief negotiator for Iran on charlierose last night. He is far smarter than our reps—increase sanctions and walk!
Obama once again just missed a self-imposed deadline with Iran. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. Double the sanctions!
Via thehill by martinmatishak: “Trump: ‘We look like we’re beggars’ in Iran nuclear talks” 
Who would you rather have negotiating for the U.S. against Putin, Iran, China, etc., Donald Trump or Hillary? Is there even a little doubt?
Just as I predicted, while Obama lifted sanctions 18 months ago, Iran cheated and increased its nuclear fuel by 20%. We must DOUBLE sanctions!
"John From Cranber: Donald Trump: "Never a Greater Enemy to Israel Than Obama" 
"I would triple the sanctions on Iran if the American pastor is not released." - my  SRQRepublicans speech
Why are the Republicans giving Obama fast track authority for TPP and the Iran agreement?! Obama gets more from the GOP than his own party.
Republicans have once again capitulated to Obama. This time on the Iran nuclear treaty. When will it end?
We are stupidly paying Iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying. Why isn't this part of the nuclear negotiations? Really dumb!
We are getting ready to protect Saudi Arabia against Iran and others-sending ships.  How much are they going to pay us toward this protection.
Thank you Jeff Jlpa1 and Am Spec for the wonderful and very true article, “Total Desperation on Iran” 
"hillarysusans: daveyh real Donald Trump Way more substance than you know. Best negotiator in the world. Iran wouldn't get nukes for sure"
Via Am Spec by Jeff Jlpa1: "Exclusive: Trump Says Obama Shows ‘Total Desperation’ on Iran" 
"bridgetmarie89: Out of ALL the politicians in Washington, not ONE can savesaeed imprisoned and tortured in Iran for being a Christian
My Team Cavuto int. on simplifying the tax code, our incompetent leaders, Iran and making America great again 
"Miranda Mattos1: real Donald Trump Mariano Rivera Eric Trump"
"Back On Track USA: Again, Obama has made us a laughing stock with his Iran " negotiations ". Obama is a disgrace and an embarassment"
Exclusive–Donald Trump: Obama 'Totally Out-Negotiated' by Iran, Taliban, 'Virtually Every Country in the World' - "
“Obama’s promises on the Iran deal are like him promising ‘if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it’” - marklevinshow
Congress must stop Obama’s reckless deal with Iran. The framework is a pathway for Iran to develop nukes.
The Iran nuclear deal is a terrible one for the United States and the world. It does nothing but make Iran rich and will lead to catastrophe
Oil is under $50/barrel. Now is the time to increase sanctions against Iran, not lift them. No deal is better than a bad deal. Art Of The Deal
Watch my oreillyfactor appearance from this week discussing nuclear negotiations with Iran- 
"Michelle M: Praying for only more success for DJT. An honorable man who knows The Art of The Deal and who would not make a bad deal w/ Iran"
Must read via Fox News by Jay Sekulow: “Mr. President: Will you bring home American pastor imprisoned in Iran?” 
Obama’s offer to Iran will not stop Iran’s breakout capability. It is a bad, desperate deal negotiated from weakness. Pass sanctions!
Via Newsmax_Media by Owen Tew: “Donald Trump: Kerry Has to Walk If Iran Doesn't Make Deal” 
Trump Vlog Be careful with Iran. 
"Josh_Millard16: I'm loving everything Donald Trump has been saying about the Iranian Nuclear deal, China, Mexico, and the border.Please run
"Michelle Meyer10: Donald, USA must NEVER allow Iran to make their chants "death to America" a reality
"wingchungun: 👉Trump👈 would have Iran not only dismantling their Nuke program but would be paying the US to help! ... and in ONE day!!!
"marino_joanna: real Donald Trump oreillyfactor my money is on you in making a deal with Iran."
Each day that Iran delays the deal, if that is what you call it, we must add another sanction, and make them progressively tough.
I will be on Bill O'Reilly's show tonight at 8 PM--talking about Iran and politics. oreillyfactor
Via Fox News Insider as seen on foxandfriends: “Trump: Iran Nuke Talks Should Have Taken One Day” 
Iran is desperate to develop nukes. Congress must increase sanctions against Iran.
"foxandfriends: .real Donald Trump calls out those negotiating with Iran on a new nuclear deal. "
Message to Obama re: Iran: “The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.” – The Art of the Deal
Via bostonherald by Eugene R. Dunn: “Iran a clear danger” 
Just as I have been saying for MANY years, and while they phony negotiate with the U.S. over nuclear, Iran is taking over Iraq. Really sad!
The talks between the U.S. and Iran are going on forever,  WORLD'S LONGEST NEGOTIATION. Obama has no idea what he is doing - incompetent!
Obama opposes sanctions on Iran  They are laughing at Kerry and Obama!
Iran and the United States just pushed deadline back SEVEN MONTHS on working out a nuclear deal. Iran is tapping along our bad negotiators!
WH refused a meeting with the Israeli Defense Minister. If only Obama hated Iran as much as he dislikes Israel.
Now Obama is having our army coordinate with Iran against ISIS. What’s next?
We will now be helping Syria and Iran by attacking ISIS - ironic, isn't it!
"damiranz: Donald Trump: Pls don't run for president. If you do and win, the rest of the world would be screwed" So true, (except friends)!
Our politically correct country will read the ISIS terrorists who beheaded the reporter their Miranda Rights prior to good food and care!
Iran will only get stronger in Iraq with the latest civil war. We should have taken the oil immediately after the invasion.
Iran looks like it is toying with John Kerry on nuclear talks - he is begging for a deal to save face. Negotiation is just not his thing!
As Iran began the process of taking over Iraq, many people wanted me to say that “I told you so!” – so, I told you so.
Now Syria is bombing Iraq and Secy. Kerry, after we blew the hell out of the place, says please don't do that. Syria is a front for Iran.
"Waldrop15w: Kenny_Wallace real Donald Trump Iran controlling Iraq and all of its oil will be everyone's problem" Our leaders are stupid!
Iran will convince our incompetent President that they are trying to help us with Iraq, take over the country and oil, and "O" will say thanks
Iran is moving troops into Iraq under the guise that it is helping out. Actually, they will take over Iraq and all of their oil. Stupid U.S.
Russia is on the move in the Ukraine, Iran is nuking up and Libya is run by Al Qaeda, yet Obama is busy issuing ‘climate change” warnings.
Once the tragic mistake of going into Iraq was made, we should have at least taken the oil (or at least some of it). Now Iran and China get it
The biggest winner of Obama’s ’08 win --- Vladimir Putin. Ultimately he could be tied with Iran after Tehran becomes a nuclear power.
Why did Pres Obama remove sanctions against Iran prior to negotiating rather than completing successful negotiation and then remove sanctions?
"Bigjohn6531 You were 100% on the mark Donald when you said we should have taken some Iraqi oil ..." True, now Iran has it.
Iraq buying $200,000,000 worth of weapons from Iran. Despite so many killed and trillions spent, Iraq dumps U.S. I TOLD YOU SO LONG AGO!
Do you think John Kerry is aware of the fact that they are building nuclear weapons in Iran and North Korea and  Pakistan already has them!!
The Senate should immediately vote on the Iranian sanctions bill. What is the delay? Iran is already breaking its agreement with Obama
Every day Pastor Saeed is imprisoned by Iran is an indictment on Obama’s ‘diplomacy.’ Save Saeed
Via theblaze by Billy Hallowell:“DONALD TRUMP BLASTS OBAMA FOR FAILING TO SECURE CHRISTIAN PASTOR’S FREEDOM IN IRAN” 
Re Kerry admitting to “working” for Pastor Abedini’s release--why has US already released Iranian spies and nuclear scientist? Dumb!
Great meeting with Naghmeh Abedini the wonderful wife of Christian Pastor Saeed, who is in Iranian prison. savesaeed 
Iran must immediately allow Christian Pastor Saeed out of prison or we should put back sanctions (which should never have been lifted)
Naghmeh Abedini, the lovely wife of the Christian Pastor Saeed being held in an Iranian jail, just left my office. savesaeed
Iran has never had a better friend than Obama.
US froze $8B in Iranian assets during ’79 Hostage Crisis. Now Obama is giving it back to Iran while Christian Pastor is jailed. Don't do it!
Tell Iran to let our Christian Pastor go--and I mean right now. If they don't, there will be hell to pay.
"Iranian officials say that the WH is misleading public about the details of an interim nuclear agreement" 
Mr. President, tell Iran to immediately free the CHRISTIAN PASTOR, as a sign of good faith, and if they refuse break off talks--big sanctions
How does Obama rationalize giving Iran $8B in sanction relief when a Christian pastor is being tortured in an Iranian prison?
Obama is going to take away over 90M Americans’ healthcare plans but he is letting Iran keep its nukes. Just think about that.
Who would  you rather have negotiating with Iran--President Obama or Toronto Mayor Ford? My money is on Ford.
John Kerry is openly celebrating the tenuous nuclear deal with Iran. Great dealmakers do not celebrate deals,they just go on to the next one
We had all the leverage in our nuclear negotiations with Iran and our leaders foolishly decided to let them out of the trap. WHY?
How much longer are we expected to put up with the world's most incompetent     leader - Obama Care, Iran, Syria, bads deals. JUST NEVER ENDS
How far has the United States gone down when we are reduced to accept the imbecilic deal just agreed to with Iran. Read THE ART OF THE DEAL!
What a rotten deal we made with Iran. We get nothing (except laughter at our stupidity). They get everything, including delay and big cash!
We are using the absolute wrong negotiating technique with respect to the Iran nuclear talks. Strengthen sanctions until GREAT deal is made!
Breaking news--negotiations with Iranians broke down because Obama insisted that they use Obama Care.
Remember that I predicted a long time ago that President Obama will attack Iran because of his inability to negotiate properly-not skilled!
Iraq is being ravaged by Al Qaeda. Country in utter chaos and all oil is going to Iran and China  Terrible mistake!
"Miranda__Phoebe: real Donald Trump graduated from Wharton (the School of Champions)." Great school, true!
Obama is tougher on WWII vets wanting to visit a DC memorial than Iran. He needs to show respect to our vets and not play games.
While the Pres. of Iran tweets sweet nothings to Obama he forbids the Iranians to use twitter. Very revealing.
"When it comes to Iran's nuclear weapons program, here's my advice: Distrust, dismantle and verify." - Israeli PM netanyahu
Israeli PM netanyahu’s UN address was a strong statement to the world that Israel will not allow Iran to get nuclear weapons.
Iran is toying with our president - buying time and laughing at the stupidity of our leadership. Syria, and now this! What's next?
Obama wanted to meet with the Iranian president, yet the Iranians denied the request. So much for Hope and Change.
Remember what I previously said--Obama will someday attack Iran in order to show how tough he is.
Can you believe the head of Iran refused to meet with our great President?—Zero respect!
"Miranda_Diplo: real Donald Trump IS OUR NEXT PRESIDENT. ACCEPT IT."
Miranda_Diplo               "I like Hilary Clinton. She is very admirable. But real Donald Trump is our nation's answer." Thanks.
"Miranda__Diplo: real Donald Trump is much more than just a Republican. He is a brilliant entrepreneur and individual." Thank you.
"67Chester: real Donald Trump Care to say a few words to Iran Govt ?"  Get rid of the NUKES, and fast!
President Obama must remember that the worst thing you can do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. Be cool, move slowly - and think! IRAN
President Obama seems so fawning and desperate to make a deal with Iran that lots of bad results can occur. Be cool and be careful!
I predict that President Obama will at some point attack Iran in order to save face!
China, Russia and Iran are laughing at us. We have weak leaders who are threatening our national security. Dangerous times.
Iraq has granted Iran full air rights to fly over and arm Syria. What did America accomplish with the Iraq war? And now Syria?!
Speaking of our very stupid war with Iraq, it is totally disintegrating and Iran (with Russia) will walk in and take it over (lots of oil)!
While everyone is waiting and prepared for us to attack Syria, maybe we should knock the hell out of Iran and their nuclear capabilities?
"atkins4: real Donald Trump you realize that is what Iran wants, dont you?" You beat Iran in a much different fashion-not through Syria!
As I predicted long ago, the war in Iraq was a disaster for the U.S. Heading for civil war, there are bombings all over the place.Iran happy
"Yadira NASA: "cschlechta: real Donald Trump quick visit to best golf course in 'merica. When is ur next visit back to DC?  Tuesday for PGA
"damiranz: realdonaldtrump , i'm a Big Fan But Sometimes You just Need To Shut Up,you Talk Too Much"  Probably true, but I'm having fun!
With Boston terrorist cell widening in suspects, it's now clear that it was a mistake to read the bomber the Miranda warning so early.
"Miranda Kroughh: real Donald Trump I love you and I think you're funny."  Sooooo sweet, thanks!
Our enemy China is illegally buying oil from our enemy Iran  China loves it!
Will Barack Obama personally read the Boston terrorist his Miranda Rights?
10 yrs ago today, the Iraq war began. 4,485 of our nation’s finest have not returned home alive. Iran will soon control Iraq and its oil.
There was a major diplomatic breakthrough yesterday w/the White House, Iran and China. All celebrated Chuck Hagel being voted in as SOD.
Now China is helping Iran smuggle nuclear parts  . China is not an ally but our country's greatest threat and rival.
The Iranians are having 'difficulties' with their nuclear program   But no thanks to us!
Our new allies in Egypt the Muslim Brotherhood have close relations with Iran   We never should have abandoned Mubarak.
Hagel has been endorsed by China  and Iran   for SOD.  Welcome to Obama's second term!
The Iranians are sure happy with Obama’s nomination of Hagel.  Already praising Hagel as ‘Anti-Israel’ 
Why would Obama ever nominate someone for Sec. of Defense who opposes sanctions against Iran when Obama claims to support them?
Obama planted that nytimes story on Iran so it will be discussed in tonight's debate. He wants Libya and China off the table.
Don't let Obama play the Iran card in order to start a war in order to get elected--be careful Republicans!
We should be able to negotiate a deal with Iran because they know we could blow them away to the Stone Age.They just don't believe we would.
Now that Obama’s poll numbers are in tailspin – watch for him to launch a strike in Libya or Iran.  He is desperate.
Under Obama, Iran has taken over Iraq, Al Qaeda has taken over Libya, the Muslim Brotherhood now controls Egypt. Worst  foreign policy ever.
Coincidence? Obama and Ahmadinejad each describe Israel's warning over the Iranian nuclear program as just 'noise' 
The majority of Americans agree with Mitt Romney's comments on Israel and Iran.
"Those who refuse to draw red line to Iran don't have the moral right to put a red line to Israel." -- Israeli PM netanyahu
The Middle East is blowing up--we didn't back Egypt and now they riot against us. Iran is using Iraqi airspace, (cont) 
Iran is flying supply planes to Syria through Iraqi airspace. Thank you, United States, for making this possible!
We have all the cards. Now is the time to make a great deal with Iran.
I always said Barack Obama will attack Iran, in some form, prior to the election.
.Israel could very well be close to attacking Iran. Could be this election's big October surprise...
What's more dangerous for the country--the Iranian nuclear threat or Barack Obama as President?
Convenient - David Plouffe collected $100G fee from Iranian affiliate only a month before joining whitehouse 
Wrong--Barack Obama's '08 campaign manager and current Senior WH Advisor collected $100G fee from Iranian affiliate 
Just as I predicted, Barack Obama is preparing a possible attack on Iran right before November. 
Now the Chinese are planning a war game w/ the Iranians,Syrians and Russians along Syrian coast.  Laughing at Barack Obama
Sad.Barack Obama has already exempted major oil importers on Iranian sanctions and is negotiating a waiver with China.
Under Barack Obama, the Iranian nuclear program has rapidly grown. 
Joe Biden called America "the Problem" vis a vis Iran   He never wastes an opportunity to say something stupid.Joe Biden
China attempted to sell embargoed computers to Iran   China loves these deals!
Remember what I said about Barack Obama attacking Iran before the election--I hope the Iranians are not so (cont) 
I wonder if Barack Obama has promised Iran and China that he can be more flexible after his last election?
Strong leader: Israeli PM Netanyahu explained at AIPAC the threat Israel faces from Iran's nuclear drive. He is (cont) 
With respect to Iran, we have all the cards--they are scared stiff! I can't believe we aren't able to negotiate (cont) 
Barack Obama should stop pressuring Israel against attacking Iran and worry how he will stop the Iranian nuclear drive. Barack Obama
Pastor Nadarkhani must be released by Iran immediately. I applaud the White House & State Dept for issuing (cont) 
My Fox News interview with gretawire discussing the CNNDebate and how to deal with Iran without using force   
Iranian Pastor Nadarkhani has just been sentenced to death by the Mullahs because he is a Christian (cont) 
Iran's threats are no excuse for the 9 month high price of oil. OPEC is ripping us off while Barack Obama watches. 
As the nuclear crisis with Iran shows, America needs to import oil from a reliable region. Keystone XL Pipeline (cont) 
Iran's attack on Israeli diplomats is an attack on the West
"America's primary goal with Iran must be to destroy its nuclear ambitions. Let me put this as plainly as I know (cont) 
My foxandfriends interview discussing the Super Bowl, the real unemployment numbers, Iran and Mitt Romney's (cont) 
Iran is threatening to shut the Strait of Hormuz and Barack Obama won't approve the Keystone pipeline. His energy policy makes America weak.
The White House should stop publicly pressuring Israel on Iran. Iran's nuclear program is the threat, not Israel's right to self-defense.
Barack Obama ‘asked’ Iran for our drone back. They are returning a miniature model.  Another diplomatic coup!
An Iranian nuclear scientist's car exploded in Tehran yesterday--lots of problems to come--Barack Obama --we need real leadership.
The US is always getting ripped off! China gets cheap oil from Iran and Iraq as US pays for Hormuz Patrols to (cont) 
Why are we building a $1Billion embassy in Iraq when the country kicked us out, didn't give us any oil & is about to get taken over by Iran?
China is driving the price of gold up in order to ease pressure against Iranian sanctions. 
"Obama's plan to have Russia stand up to Iran was a horrible failure that turned America into a laughingstock."  Time To Get Tough
Iran has warned the US not to send an aircraft carrier back into the Strait of Hormuz. We should send three as a (cont) 
America wasted billions and precious lives in Iraq and Iran will soon take control--very very sad.
"Let me put this as plainly as I know how: Iran's nuclear program must be stopped--by any and all means necessary. Period." Time To Get Tough
Iran is closing the Strait of Hormuz for a military exercise. Imagine what they will do with nukes?!
The Mullahs laughed when Barack Obama "asked" Iran to return our drone--they will show it to China first.
"So, if Iran is going to take over the oil, I say we take over the oil first by hammering out a cost-sharing plan with Iraq."Time To Get Tough
Who handed Iraq over to Iran yesterday? Barack Obama. We have gotten nothing from the Iraqis-- we should have them pay us back with oil.
The Mullahs are laughing at what they think is a very stupid president,Barack Obama has "asked" for Iran to return the drone Time To Get Tough
Why did Barack Obama let Iran keep our drone? Now it is going straight to the Chinese. He should have taken it out.
In order to get elected, Barack Obama will start a war with Iran.
Iran's continued public threats of annihilating Israel are unacceptable. Iran's nuclear drive must be stopped. Time To Get Tough
Iran will soon take all of the oil in Iraq...and Iraq itself---Keep the oil.
Once Iran has nuclear weapons, they will shut down the Strait of Hormuz.  Oil will be over $300/Barrel. Iran'… (cont) 
American sanctions alone cannot stop Iran's nuclear drive--and Barack Obama cannot get China and Russia to agree on new Iranian sanctions.
Israel faces an existential threat in Iran's nuclear drive. Unfortunately Barack Obama is no friend of Israel.
Barack Obama will attack Iran in the not too distant future because it will help him win the election. If the… (cont) 
China is advocating on behalf of Iran's nuclear program -- the Chinese oppose both sanctions and any militar… (cont) 
America should not be pressuring Israel to show restraint against Iran. We should be working to stop Iran's nuclear drive.
Iran's quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nation's national security interests. We can't allow Iran to go nuclear.
Why aren't we getting any oil from Iraq before we leave? We are leaving the country wide open for Iran. Big mistake.
See what I have to say about Iran and Iraq in today's trumpvlog... 
We are leaving Iraq after expending a tremendous amount of blood and treasure. We should be reimbursed with oil! -- Don't give it to Iran.
Why did Barack Obama liberate Libya and do nothing for the Iranian protestors? Iran is a threat to our national security.
Iran was planning to attack the Israeli and Saudi DC embassies. We should respond accordingly. The diplomatic  window is closed.
It is time for Iran to face serious consequences. This regime is a threat to our national security.
The Iranians have just threatened to send warships to our coasts. They laugh at us. We can't allow them to develop nuclear weapons.
Iran’s nuclear program must be stopped – by any and all means necessary.
Why is the UN planning to attack Israel's sovereignty and ignore Iran's nuclear program? The US should look at future funding.
Iran admits to aiding the Libyan "Rebels" and Ahmadinejad received a letter of thanks - when will Washington learn? 
Obama - Iranian weapons killing Americans in Iraq? What are u doing about this?  
