 mjgranger1 israel_advocacy amerwn77 leezeldin Rep Lee Zeldin real Donald Trump Rashida Tlaib Yes but we have a rogue…
 israel_advocacy amerwn77 .leezeldin Rep Lee Zeldin real Donald Trump Isn’t Rashida Tlaib’s message a violation of the Hous…
Melania and I send our warmest wishes to Jewish people in the United States, Israel, and across the world as you commence the 8-day celebration of Hanukkah. 
 Yesterday, President real Donald Trump delivered remarks at the Israeli American Council National Summit. …
 24 yrs ago today, the Jerusalem Embassy Act became law. It recognized Jerusalem as the undivided capital of Israel and requi…
Wishing a Happy New Year to all of those celebrating Rosh Hashanah in America, Israel, and around the World! 
I had a call today with Prime Minister Netanyahu to discuss the possibility of moving forward with a Mutual Defense Treaty, between the United States and Israel, that would further anchor the tremendous alliance....
....between our two countries. I look forward to continuing those discussions after the Israeli Elections when we meet at the United Nations later this month!
 real Donald Trump  
....His dedication to Israel and to seeking peace between Israel and the Palestinians won’t be forgotten. He will be missed. Thank you Jason!
 Please read my attached statement with regard to the decision of the Government of Israel to deny entry to BDS activists,…
 A response to Rashida Tlaib and Ilhan MN regarding our great ally Israel   Share this far and wide so that these two US R…
Rep Tlaib wants to cut off aid to Israel. This is the new face the of Democrat Party? Read the AOC PLUS 3 statements on their hatred of Jews and Israel. Check out Rep. Omar (the great people of Minnesota won’t stand for this).
“Thank you to Wayne Allyn Root for the very nice words. “President Trump is the greatest President for Jews and for Israel in the history of the world, not just America, he is the best President for Israel in the history of the world...and the Jewish people in Israel love him....
....like he’s the King of Israel. They love him like he is the second coming of God...But American Jews don’t know him or like him. They don’t even know what they’re doing or saying anymore. It makes no sense! But that’s OK, if he keeps doing what he’s doing, he’s good for.....
Sorry, I don’t buy Rep. Tlaib’s tears. I have watched her violence, craziness and, most importantly, WORDS, for far too long. Now tears? She hates Israel and all Jewish people. She is an anti-Semite. She and her 3 friends are the new face of the Democrat Party. Live with it!
House Democrats want to take action against Israel because it is fighting back against two (maybe four) people that have said unthinkably bad things about it and the Israeli people. Dems have such disdain for Israel! What happened? AOC Plus 4 is the new face of the Democrat Party!
Rep. Tlaib wrote a letter to Israeli officials desperately wanting to visit her grandmother. Permission was quickly granted, whereupon Tlaib obnoxiously turned the approval down, a complete setup. The only real winner here is Tlaib’s grandmother. She doesn’t have to see her now!
Israel was very respectful and nice to Rep. Rashida Tlaib, allowing her permission to visit her “grandmother.” As soon as she was granted permission, she grandstanded and loudly proclaimed she would not visit Israel. Could this possibly have been a setup? Israel acted appropriately!
Representatives Omar and Tlaib are the face of the Democrat Party, and they HATE Israel!
It would show great weakness if Israel allowed Rep. Omar and Rep.Tlaib to visit. They hate Israel and all Jewish people, and there is nothing that can be said or done to change their minds. Minnesota and Michigan will have a hard time putting them back in office. They are a disgrace!
....except for those stated by me, and “reams of paper” were never given to me. It is a made up story meant to demean and belittle. The Post had no sources. The facts remain the same, that we have 4 Radical Left Congresswomen who have said very bad things about Israel and our Country!
....Most importantly you have led Israel with a commitment to the values of democracy, freedom, and equal opportunity that both our nations cherish and share!
Congratulations to Bibi Netanyahu on becoming the longest serving PM in the history of Israel. Under your leadership, Israel has become a technology powerhouse and a world class economy....
I don’t believe the four Congresswomen are capable of loving our Country. They should apologize to America (and Israel) for the horrible (hateful) things they have said. They are destroying the Democrat Party, but are weak and insecure people who can never destroy our great Nation!
 So sad to see the Democrats sticking up for people who speak so badly of our Country and who, in addition, hate Israel…
 When will the Radical Left Congresswomen apologize to our Country, the people of Israel and even to the Office of the…
So great to see how unified the Republican Party was on today’s vote concerning statements I made about four Democrat Congresswomen. If you really want to see statements, look at the horrible things they said about our Country, Israel, and much more. They are now the top, most...
The Democrat Congresswomen have been spewing some of the most vile, hateful, and disgusting things ever said by a politician in the House or Senate, and yet they get a free pass and a big embrace from the Democrat Party. Horrible anti-Israel, anti-USA, pro-terrorist and public.....
The Dems were trying to distance themselves from the four “progressives,” but now they are forced to embrace them. That means they are endorsing Socialism, hate of Israel and the USA! Not good for the Democrats!
....They are anti-Israel, pro Al-Qaeda, and comment on the 9/11 attack, “some people did something.” Radical Left Democrats want Open Borders, which means drugs, crime, human trafficking, and much more....
“We all know that AOC and this crowd are a bunch of Communists, they hate Israel, they hate our own Country, they’re calling the guards along our Border (the Border Patrol Agents) Concentration Camp Guards, they accuse people who support Israel as doing it for the Benjamin’s,....
....What does it mean for America to have free Healthcare for Illegal Immigrants, no criminalization of coming into our Country - See how that works for controlling Immigration! They talk about Israel like they’re a bunch of thugs, not victims of the entire region. They wanted...
If Democrats want to unite around the foul language and racist hatred spewed from the mouths and actions of these very unpopular and unrepresentative Congresswomen, it will be interesting to see how it plays out. I can tell you that they have made Israel feel abandoned by the U.S.
When will the Radical Left Congresswomen apologize to our Country, the people of Israel and even to the Office of the President, for the foul language they have used, and the terrible things they have said. So many people are angry at them and their horrible and disgusting actions!
So sad to see the Democrats sticking up for people who speak so badly of our Country and who, in addition, hate Israel with a true and unbridled passion. Whenever confronted, they call their adversaries, including Nancy Pelosi, “RACIST.” Their disgusting language.....
 Earlier today, netanyahu and USAmb Israel held a ceremony for the inauguration of 'Trump Heights' — a town in Israel's Go…
Thank you PM Netanyahu and the State of Israel for this great honor!🇺🇸🇮🇱 
.FLOTUS Melania and I send our deepest condolences to President Reuven Rivlin and the entire State of Israel upon the passing of Mrs. Nechama Rivlin. Mrs. Rivlin represented her beloved country with grace and stature. We will miss her along with all those who knew her.
Hoping things will work out with Israel's coalition formation and Bibi and I can continue to make the alliance between America and Israel stronger than ever. A lot more to do!
Today marks the one-year anniversary of the opening of the United States Embassy in Jerusalem, Israel. Our beautiful embassy stands as a proud reminder of our strong relationship with Israel and of the importance of keeping a promise and standing for the truth.
Democrat Rep. Tlaib is being slammed for her horrible and highly insensitive statement on the Holocaust. She obviously has tremendous hatred of Israel and the Jewish people. Can you imagine what would happen if I ever said what she said, and says?
Once again, Israel faces a barrage of deadly rocket attacks by terrorist groups Hamas and Islamic Jihad. We support Israel 100% in its defense of its citizens....
....To the Gazan people — these terrorist acts against Israel will bring you nothing but more misery. END the violence and work towards peace - it can happen!
Wishing a Happy Passover to all those celebrating in America, Israel, and around the world! 
Before Nancy, who has lost all control of Congress and is getting nothing done, decides to defend her leader, Rep. Omar, she should look at the anti-Semitic, anti-Israel and ungrateful U.S. HATE statements Omar has made. She is out of control, except for her control of Nancy!
Spoke to Bibi Netanyahu to congratulate him on a great and hard-fought win. The United States is with him and the People of Israel all the way! 
“Proclamation on Recognizing the Golan Heights as Part of the State of Israel”  
Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel back to the White House where I signed a Presidential Proclamation recognizing Israel’s sovereignty over the Golan Heights. Read more:  
After 52 years it is time for the United States to fully recognize Israel’s Sovereignty over the Golan Heights, which is of critical strategic and security importance to the State of Israel and Regional Stability!
“Jewish people are leaving the Democratic Party. We saw a lot of anti Israel policies start under the Obama Administration, and it got worsts and worse. There is anti-Semitism in the Democratic Party. They don’t care about Israel or the Jewish people.” Elizabeth Pipko, Jexodus.
 With Lindsey Graham SC today touring a Gaza terror tunnel. Cost of tunnel = cost of 2 new schools = cost of 30 new homes. …
Representative Ilhan Omar is again under fire for her terrible comments concerning Israel. Jewish groups have just sent a petition to Speaker Pelosi asking her to remove Omar from Foreign Relations Committee. A dark day for Israel!
 Governor Ron De Santis suspends the horrible Sheriff Scott Israel who is largely responsible for the errors leading up to…
This isn’t about the Wall, everybody knows that a Wall will work perfectly (In Israel the Wall works 99.9%). This is only about the Dems not letting Donald Trump and the Republicans have a win. They may have the 10 Senate votes, but we have the issue, Border Security. 2020!
.....on a Border is only effective in conjunction with a Wall. Properly designed and built Walls work, and the Democrats are lying when they say they don’t. In Israel the Wall is 99.9% successful. Will not be any different on our Southern Border! Hundreds of $Billions saved!
New York, get out and VOTE for John Faso Ny, a great and hardworking Congressman. We need John’s voice in D.C. His opponent just moved to the area - is Pro-Iran and Anti-Israel. Vote for John. Has my Strong Endorsement!
 Earlier today, President Trump participated in a bilateral meeting with Prime Minister netanyahu of Israel. 🇺🇸🇮🇱 …
The Summit with Russia was a great success, except with the real enemy of the people, the Fake News Media. I look forward to our second meeting so that we can start implementing some of the many things discussed, including stopping terrorism, security for Israel, nuclear........
Big day for Israel. Congratulations!
U.S. Embassy opening in Jerusalem will be covered live on Fox News and Fox Business. Lead up to 9:00 A.M. (eastern) event has already begun. A great day for Israel!
Big week next week when the American Embassy in Israel will be moved to Jerusalem. Congratulations to all!
Best wishes to Prime Minister Netanyahu and all of the people of Israel on the 70th Anniversary of your Great Independence. We have no better friends anywhere. Looking forward to moving our Embassy to Jerusalem next month!
Very productive bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel - in Davos, Switzerland! WEF18 
...peace treaty with Israel. We have taken Jerusalem, the toughest part of the negotiation, off the table, but Israel, for that, would have had to pay more. But with the Palestinians no longer willing to talk peace, why should we make any of these massive future payments to them?
I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. I am also directing the State Department to begin preparation to move the American Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem... 
Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran deal made by President Obama, but now that I am involved, he is OK with it. Tell that to Israel, Chuck!
 real Donald Trump  
Iran just test-fired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching Israel.They are also working with North Korea.Not much of an agreement we have!
Such an honor to have my good friend, Israel PM Netanyahu, join us w/ his delegation in NYC this afternoon. UNGA  
Israel, Saudi Arabia and the Middle East were great. Trying hard for PEACE. Doing well. Heading to Vatican and Pope, then G7 and NATO.
 PM Benjamin Netanyahu at  weekly Cabinet meeting: In two weeks, Israel will host POTUS Trump on his first trip as President…
 Israeli PM Netanyahu praises U.S. policy changes during meeting with Defense. Sec Mattis 
Happy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America, Israel, and around the world. Chag Sameach
Welcome to the United States, Israeli PM Benjamin and Sara! ICYMI🇺🇸🇮🇱Joint Press Conference:   
not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching!
We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S., but.......
The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.Too bad, but we will get it done anyway!
The resolution being considered at the United Nations Security Council regarding Israel should be vetoed....cont: 
Hillary Advisers Wanted Her To Avoid Supporting Israel When Talking To Democrats: 
Just out: Neera Tanden, Hillary Clinton adviser said, “Israel is depressing.” I think Israel is inspiring!
"davidshiloach: real Donald Trump Go Mr. Trump! Israel is behind you!"
The Palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing Israeli citizens....continued: 
Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States, in Israel, and around the world.
Readout of my meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:  
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!
The Republican platform is most  pro-Israel of all time!
Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel -- a father, shot at by a Palestinian terrorist, was killed while: 
Horrible killing of a 13 year old American girl at her home in Israel by a Palestinian terrorist. We must get tough. 
A wonderfully written article concerning Israel by Jason Dov Esq 
It was an honor to be the Grand Marshall- in the Salute to Israel Parade back in 2004. 
Hillary Clinton said that it is O.K. to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL, but not O.K. to do so in the U.S. We must be vigilant!
"Jodi L792: We are Standing with you! Spreading the Word...Trump for President 2016!! I wake and sleep praying for you and the USA!+Israel2"
I have decided to postpone my trip to Israel and to schedule my meeting with Netanyahu at a later date after I become President of the U.S.
Prior to the end of the year, I will be traveling to Israel. I am very much looking forward to it.
"Anonymou Syndica: Donald Trump: I Think Obama ‘Hates Israel’ "
Yom Kippur blessings to all of my friends in Israel and around the world. Yom Kippur
"The Brody File: On the Muslim issue: It might help Barack Obama if he didn't take five years to visit Israel"
"Mitch Prefach: Donald Trump Iowa speech excellent. Particularly the end about Israel and Iran. More foreign policy please. You have my vote.
"bollweevil51: real Donald Trump Great speech in Iowa....Obama/Kerry throw Israel under the bus."
Via JNSworldnews by Jacob Kamaras JNS:  "Donald Trump says he is no apprentice when it comes to Israel" 
"John From Cranber: Donald Trump: "Never a Greater Enemy to Israel Than Obama" 
Nobody but Donald Trump will save Israel. You are wasting your time with these politicians and political clowns. Best! Sheldon Adelson
"Bless Israel1948: real Donald Trump mallhayden11 My Trump is a patriot."
Via Daily Caller by alweaver22:“Trump: Obama One Of ‘The Worst Things That’s Ever Happened To Israel’” 
Miss Israel and Miss Lebanon- "no more fighting!" Trump Vlog Miss Universe 
Looking forward to being honored with the prestigious ‘Friend of Israel’ award at the Algemeiner Gala Dinner 
Congratulations to new Congressman leezeldin being named to House Foreign Affairs Comm. and co-chair the House Republican Israel Caucus.
"SAKREV: real Donald Trump erotao Israeli PM netanyahu Mr Trump, it is undeniable that Obama hates Israel."
If only Obama would treat Israeli PM netanyahu with the same respect he awards tyrants. Very strange and dangerous for our national security.
"Nehemiah_israel: real Donald Trump Are u running for president in 2016 or not?"  We will soon see!
"Beeta Benjy: real Donald Trump destroying Barack Obama as only he can:  Israel"
Via haaretzcom: “Donald Trump calls Obama Israel's greatest enemy” 
Via Breitbart News by Ian Hanchett: “Trump: Obama ‘Treats Our Known Enemies Much Better’ Than Israel”   
WH refused a meeting with the Israeli Defense Minister. If only Obama hated Iran as much as he dislikes Israel.
President Obama, I have an idea! Pretend that West Africa is Israel and then you will be able to stop the Ebola area flights.
Obama sent weapons through Benghazi to ISIS yet he is holding up shipments to Israel. What is he thinking?
Wow, Obama really put it to Israel by canceling flights there. This puts them at a tremendous disadvantage. Tourism and more will just stop.
Obama betrays Israel yet again, our strongest ally in the Middle East. He will recognize Hamas, breaking long standing US policy.
I do not understand how so many of my Jewish friends backed Obama in the last election. He is a TOTAL DISASTER FOR ISRAEL-AND ALWAYS WILL BE
"When it comes to Iran's nuclear weapons program, here's my advice: Distrust, dismantle and verify." - Israeli PM netanyahu
Israeli PM netanyahu’s UN address was a strong statement to the world that Israel will not allow Iran to get nuclear weapons.
.Israeli PM netanyahu is a resolute leader.  When he sets a red line, it stands!
“Circumstances are beyond human control, but our conduct is in our own power.” -- Benjamin Disraeli
Congratulations to Likud_Party MK dannydanon on being offered Deputy Defense Minister of IDF by Israeli PM netanyahu.
Hamas has warned Pres. Obama not to visit the Temple Mount during his trip to Israel 
Congratulations to netanyahu on his electoral victory.  He will now be the longest serving Israeli PM.  A great leader.
My Shalom_TV interview discussing my video endorsement of Israeli PM netanyahu and past visits to Israel 
Does anyone really believe that Chuck Hagel is sorry for any of his past comments or supports Israel?
The Iranians are sure happy with Obama’s nomination of Hagel.  Already praising Hagel as ‘Anti-Israel’ 
Pres. Obama’s steady support of Israel throughout this crisis helped stop the war.  He did a good job.
“We are fully supportive of Israel's right to defend itself.” -- Barack Obama --Very good, I like it.
President Obama, we need to protect our closest ally, Israel. The situation in the Middle East is at a tipping point.
Pennsylvania is in play Mitt Romney. All undecideds in Philly suburbs should ask themselves - who do you trust most on Israel?
.rupertmurdoch is absolutely right, it will be a nightmare for Israel if Obama is re-elected.
.Israeli PM netanyahu delivered an excellent speech yesterday at the UN. Too bad Ambassador Rice wasn't there.
Coincidence? Obama and Ahmadinejad each describe Israel's warning over the Iranian nuclear program as just 'noise' 
The majority of Americans agree with Mitt Romney's comments on Israel and Iran.
Wake Up America!  See article: "Israeli Science: Obama Birth Certificate is a Fake" 
We threw our ally Mubarak overboard and Egypt is now our enemy. Great going Obama--Israel is in trouble.
"Those who refuse to draw red line to Iran don't have the moral right to put a red line to Israel." -- Israeli PM netanyahu
.Israel could very well be close to attacking Iran. Could be this election's big October surprise...
Great new ad from Cmte For Israel: 'Next Year...President Mitt Romney in Jerusalem, the Capital of Israel' 
In '08 Barack Obama called Jerusalem Israel's capital  Now he attacks Mitt Romney on Jerusalem 
The difference between Mitt Romney and Barack Obama's campaign promises to Israel is that Mitt will actually keep all of his.
"The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes." --Benjamin Disraeli
Welcome to the new Egypt Muslim Brotherhood representatives who won't take questions from Israeli journalists 
I had a wonderful meeting with Likud Deputy Speaker of The Knesset Danny Danon this past Friday in Trump Tower   Israel
Now Barack Obama has decided there are 5 million Palestinian refugees   He always goes against Israel's interest.
Egypt is going the exact opposite of what it was. They will soon be very strongly against Israel. Thanks, President Obama. Barack Obama
Wrong! Under Barack Obama's watch, Israel is not being invited to NATO summit in Chicago this month 
Congratulations to Israeli PM netanyahu on forming his new unity government. A major political success for the Jewish State of Israel.
THe WH should not have hosted the Muslim Brotherhood. Barack Obama's friends are enemies of the US and Israel. The Islamist winter is here.
Proud to see my friend Governor Chris Christie standing up for Israel on his visit. Standing tall!
Strong leader: Israeli PM Netanyahu explained at AIPAC the threat Israel faces from Iran's nuclear drive. He is (cont) 
Once again, Barack Obama's speech at AIPAC yesterday proved that he is more concerned about containing Israel (cont) 
Barack Obama should stop pressuring Israel against attacking Iran and worry how he will stop the Iranian nuclear drive. Barack Obama
Iran's attack on Israeli diplomats is an attack on the West
This is dangerous: Barack Obama is seeking to shrink Israeli military funding but gives $1.3Billion to Muslim (cont) 
Last night in his SOTU, Barack Obama claimed that he is a friend of Israel. Does anyone really believe that.
The White House should stop publicly pressuring Israel on Iran. Iran's nuclear program is the threat, not Israel's right to self-defense.
A clip of my upcoming interview with David Brody discussing Time To Get Tough, Israel and the Islamist winter  
Iran's continued public threats of annihilating Israel are unacceptable. Iran's nuclear drive must be stopped. Time To Get Tough
Israel faces an existential threat in Iran's nuclear drive. Unfortunately Barack Obama is no friend of Israel.
The Arab Spring has turned into the Islamist Winter.  Our ally Israel is in a perilous position.  We must stand behind Israel.
My interview with Ingraham Angle discussing THEHerman Cain, Barack Obama's mistreatment of Israel and GOP 2012. 
Instead of trash talking PMIsrael on the world stage, Barack Obama should be defending Israel.
America should not be pressuring Israel to show restraint against Iran. We should be working to stop Iran's nuclear drive.
Iran was planning to attack the Israeli and Saudi DC embassies. We should respond accordingly. The diplomatic  window is closed.
Why is the UN condemning Israel and doing nothing about Syria? What a disgrace.
Rick Perry is right when he says we must stand by Israel in the UN.
I am increasingly concerned with the UN's ploy against Israel this coming week and will monitor all events closely from Australia.
I applaud netanyahu for announcing that he will show up at the UN to defend Israel. A true US friend and great leader.
Barack Obama will hear loud and clear today the message NY-9 is sending by electing Bobturner9th -- Israel is our friend and ally.
Friends in NY-9, let Barack Obama know that you don't approve of his mistreatment of Israel.  Vote for Bobturner9th tomorrow!
Why is the UN planning to attack Israel's sovereignty and ignore Iran's nuclear program? The US should look at future funding.
The UN is about to use its Assembly to attack Israel. We should defund the UN entirely if they can't act resp… (cont) 
We must stand firm against the UN's ploy to sabotage Israel---if the UN grants the PA statehood then we must immediately defund it.
Israel is being barraged by rockets from Gaza recently. They must respond accordingly in defense of their citizens.
Barack Obama took another swipe at the State of Israel for building in their capital Jerusalem on a Jewish hol… (cont) ~7Qs Gg
Barack Obama You have abandoned Israel and engaged the Muslim Brotherhood, and even the Arab world does not like it 
If only Obama was as focused on balancing the budget as he is on weakening Israel's borders then America would be on the path to solvency.
