The great USMCA Trade Deal (Mexico and Canada) has been sitting on Nancy Pelosi’s desk for 8 months, she doesn’t even know what it says, and today, after passing by a wide margin in the House, Pelosi tried to take credit for it. Labor will vote for Trump. Trade deal is great for USA!
 TODAY: U.S. negotiators join Mexico and Canada in signing USMCA in Mexico City making history and paving the way for massi…
 The US-Mexico-Canada Agreement is a win for the American worker and has been since the day President Trump signed it over a…
Hard to believe, but if Nancy Pelosi had put our great Trade Deal with Mexico and Canada, USMCA, up for a vote long ago, our economy would be even better. If she doesn’t move quickly, it will collapse!
 One year ago today, President real Donald Trump signed the USMCA with Canada and Mexico.  It now sits on Nancy Pelosi's desk…
Nancy Pelosi will go down as the least productive Speaker of the House in history. She is dominated by AOC Plus 3 and the Radical Left. Mexico and Canada, after waiting for 6 months to be approved, are ready to flee - and who can blame them? Too bad!
“There’s nothing there! I’m trying to let the House know that they’re dividing America for no good reason. We’ve got a lot of things we should be doing, like lowering drug costs and getting a trade deal with Mexico and Canada.” Lindsey Graham SC  The Do Nothing Dems have gone crazy!
This is the time for Mexico, with the help of the United States, to wage WAR on the drug cartels and wipe them off the face of the earth. We merely await a call from your great new president!
....monsters, the United States stands ready, willing and able to get involved and do the job quickly and effectively. The great new President of Mexico has made this a big issue, but the cartels have become so large and powerful that you sometimes need an army to defeat an army!
A wonderful family and friends from Utah got caught between two vicious drug cartels, who were shooting at each other, with the result being many great American people killed, including young children, and some missing. If Mexico needs or requests help in cleaning out these.....
 It’s been 1️⃣ year since President real Donald Trump announced the new US-Mexico-Canada trade agreement. USMCA will be a w…
 Dems are now willing to hurt our economy AND the economy of Mexico—all to deny Trump a win on USMCA.  Mexico is urging P…
 Another record-breaking crowd in New Mexico!  real Donald Trump expanded the map for Republicans in 2016, and he’s going…
 Latinos for real Donald Trump were out in full force at the Trump Rally in New Mexico last night!  What a GREAT way to celebr…
Just departed New Mexico for California, where we are delivering results! 
We are all united by the same love of Country, the same devotion to family, and the same profound faith that America is blessed by the eternal grace of ALMIGHTY GOD!   Bound by these convictions, we will campaign for every vote and we will WIN the Great State of NEW MEXICO in 2020! 
Beautiful evening in New Mexico with Great American Patriots! 
 Oil production is up an incredible 110 percent—PLUS, New Mexico's entire mining and logging sector has seen a 40 percent in…
 Business creation is thriving in New Mexico! 
On my way to New Mexico — see you all shortly at the Star Center! KAG2020  
One my way to New Mexico — see you all shortly at the Star Center! KAG2020 
Big crowd expected in New Mexico tonight, where we will WIN. Your Border Wall is getting stronger each and every day — see you in a few hours! 
I had an excellent telephone conversation with Andrés Manuel López Obrador, President of Mexico, talking about Southern Border Security, and various other things of mutual interest for the people of our respective countries....
“In 22 years of patrolling our Southern Border, I have never seen Mexico act like a true Border Security Partner until President Trump got involved, and now they are stepping up to the plate and doing what they need to do.” Brandon Judd, National Border Patrol
 As I travel around the state, a lot of people ask about securing the US-Mexico border and what Congress can do to fix th…
 Earlier this year President real Donald Trump declared the border crisis a national emergency and today Mexico is doing more to secu…
....companies to come to the USA and to get companies that have left us for other lands to COME BACK HOME. We  stupidly lost 30% of our auto business to Mexico. If the Tariffs went on at the higher level, they would all come back, and fast. But very happy with the deal I made,...
.....if Mexico produces (which I think they will). Biggest part of deal with Mexico has not yet been revealed! China is similar, except they devalue currency and subsidize companies to lessen effect of 25% Tariffs. So far, little effect to consumers. Companies will relocate to U.S.
 Trade with Canada and Mexico supports more than 12 million American jobs in every state in the Union. In fact, 49 U.S. state…
Mexico is doing great at the Border, but China is letting us down in that they have not been buying the agricultural products from our great Farmers that they said they would. Hopefully they will start soon!
Mexico is doing a far better job than the Democrats on the Border. Thank you Mexico!
Bipartisan Humanitarian Aid Bill for the Southern Border just passed. A great job done by all! Now we must work to get rid of the Loopholes and fix Asylum. Thank you also to Mexico for the work being done on helping with Illegal Immigration - a very big difference!
 What Americans hear tomorrow night will only confirm that Mexico has done more in the last 10 DAYS to secure the southern b…
 Mexico is keeping its promise and now sending 15,000 troops to border to help with crisis. Meanwhile Dems won’t fund beds for migrant…
 Mexico has done more to secure our border in 10 days than Democrats in Congress have in 10 YEARS. The time to put Americans first i…
I want to give the Democrats every last chance to quickly negotiate simple changes to Asylum and Loopholes. This will fix the Southern Border, together with the help that Mexico is now giving us. Probably won’t happen, but worth a try. Two weeks and big Deportation begins!
Congratulations to President Lopez Obrador — Mexico voted to ratify the USMCA today by a huge margin. Time for Congress to do the same here!
Next week ICE will begin the process of removing the millions of illegal aliens who have illicitly found their way into the United States. They will be removed as fast as they come in. Mexico, using their strong immigration laws, is doing a very good job of stopping people.......
 Very glad to see Mexico working with President real Donald Trump to up their game and deal with immigration from Centra…
....If Mexico produces (which I think they will). Biggest part of deal with Mexico has not yet been revealed! China is similar, except they devalue currency and subsidize companies to lessen effect of 25% Tariff. So far, little effect to consumer. Companies will relocate to U.S.
...Companies to come to the U.S.A and to get companies that have left us for other lands to come back home. We stupidly lost 30% of our auto business to Mexico. If the Tariffs went on at the higher level, they would all come back, and pass. But very happy with the deal I made,...
Sad when you think about it, but Mexico right now is doing more for the United States at the Border than the Democrats in Congress! foxandfriends
 .POTUS’ strong stand got Mexico to do things they have never done before: 6,000 National Guard at their southern border, immigrati…
When will the Failing New York Times admit that their front page story on the  the new Mexico deal at the Border is a FRAUD and nothing more than a badly reported “hit job” on me, something that has been going on since the first day I announced for the presidency! Sick Journalism
We have fully signed and documented another very important part of the Immigration and Security deal with Mexico, one that the U.S. has been asking about getting for many years. It will be revealed in the not too distant future and will need a vote by Mexico’s Legislative body!..
 The Failing nytimes story on Mexico and Illegal Immigration through our Southern Border has now been proven shockingl…
Now with our new deal, Mexico is doing more for the USA on Illegal Immigration than the Democrats. In fact, the Democrats are doing NOTHING, they want Open Borders, which means Illigal Immigration, Drugs and Crime.
 The Trump-hating media/dems now face a YUGE dilemma--how NOT to give real Donald Trump credit.  Mexico Caves After Tariff Threa…
 It’s amazing to see Democrats within a span of 2 days go from being against Trump’s tariffs on Mexico to now being again…
The Failing nytimes story on Mexico and Illegal Immigration through our Southern Border has now been proven shockingly false and untrue, bad reporting, and the paper is embarrassed by it. The only problem is that they knew it was Fake News before it went out. Corrupt Media!
Another false report in the Failing  nytimes. We have been trying to get some of these Border Actions for a long time, as have other administrations, but were not able to get them, or get them in full, until our signed agreement with Mexico. Additionally, and for many years,....
.....Mexico was not being cooperative on the Border in things we had, or didn’t have, and now I have full confidence, especially after speaking to their President yesterday, that they will be very cooperative and want to get the job properly done. Importantly, some things.....
.....not mentioned in yesterday press release, one in particular, were agreed upon. That will be announced at the appropriate time. There is now going to be great cooperation between Mexico and the USA, something that didn’t exist for decades. However, if for some unknown reason...
 I am pleased to inform you that The United States of America has reached a signed agreement with Mexico. The Tariffs s…
 ....stem the tide of Migration through Mexico, and to our Southern Border. This is being done to greatly reduce, or el…
 MEXICO HAS AGREED TO IMMEDIATELY BEGIN BUYING LARGE QUANTITIES OF AGRICULTURAL PRODUCT FROM OUR GREAT PATRIOT FARMERS!
I would like to thank the President of Mexico, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, and his foreign minister, Marcelo Ebrard, together with all of the many representatives of both the United States and Mexico, for working so long and hard to get our agreement on immigration completed!
Everyone very excited about the new deal with Mexico!
MEXICO HAS AGREED TO IMMEDIATELY BEGIN BUYING LARGE QUANTITIES OF AGRICULTURAL PRODUCT FROM OUR GREAT PATRIOT FARMERS!
Mexico will try very hard, and if they do that, this will be a very successful agreement for both the United States and Mexico!
Brandon Judd, National Border Patrol Council: “That’s going to be a huge deal because Mexico will be using their strong Immigration Laws - A game changer. People no longer will be released into the U.S.” Also, 6000 Mexican Troops at their Southern Border. Currently there are few!
While the reviews and reporting on our Border Immigration Agreement with Mexico have been very good, there has nevertheless been much false reporting (surprise!) by the Fake and Corrupt News Media, such as Comcast/NBC, CNN, nytimes and washingtonpost. These “Fakers” are Bad News!
I am pleased to inform you that The United States of America has reached a signed agreement with Mexico. The Tariffs scheduled to be implemented by the U.S. on Monday, against Mexico, are hereby indefinitely suspended. Mexico, in turn, has agreed to take strong measures to....
....stem the tide of Migration through Mexico, and to our Southern Border. This is being done to greatly reduce, or eliminate, Illegal Immigration coming from Mexico and into the United States. Details of the agreement will be released shortly by the State Department. Thank you!
I am pleased to inform you that The United States of America has reached a signed agreement with Mexico. The Tariffs scheduled to be implemented by the U.S. on Monday, against Mexico, are hereby indefinitely suspended. Mexico, in turn, has agreed to take strong measures to......
....stem the tide of Migration through Mexico, and to our Southern Border. This is being done to greatly reduce, or eliminate, Illegal Immigration coming from Mexico and into the United States. Details of the agreement will be released shortly be the State Department. Thank you!
If we are able to make the deal with Mexico, and there is a good chance that we will, they will begin purchasing Farm and Agricultural products at very high levels, starting immediately. If we are unable to make the deal, Mexico will begin paying Tariffs at the 5% level on Monday!
Immigration discussions at the White House with representatives of Mexico have ended for the day. Progress is being made, but not nearly enough! Border arrests for May are at 133,000 because of Mexico and the Democrats in Congress refusing to budge on immigration reform. Further...
....talks with Mexico will resume tomorrow with the understanding that, if no agreement is reached, Tariffs at the 5% level will begin on Monday, with monthly increases as per schedule. The higher the Tariffs go, the higher the number of companies that will move back to the USA!
“House Republicans support the President on Tariffs with Mexico all the way, and that makes any measure the President takes on the Border totally Veto proof. Why wouldn’t you as Republicans support him when that will allow our President to make a better deal.” Thank you GOPLeader
Can you imagine Cryin’ Chuck Schumer saying out loud, for all to hear, that I am bluffing with respect to putting Tariffs on Mexico. What a Creep. He would rather have our Country fail with drugs and Immigration than give Republicans a win. But he gave Mexico bad advice, no bluff!
As a sign of good faith, Mexico should immediately stop the flow of people and drugs through their country and to our Southern Border. They can do it if they want!
Mexico is sending a big delegation to talk about the Border. Problem is, they’ve been “talking” for 25 years. We want action, not talk. They could solve the Border Crisis in one day if they so desired. Otherwise, our companies and jobs are coming back to the USA!
People have been saying for years that we should talk to Mexico. The problem is that Mexico is an “abuser” of the United States, taking but never giving. It has been this way for decades. Either they stop the invasion of our Country by Drug Dealers, Cartels, Human Traffickers....
....U.S. in order to avoid paying the 25% Tariff. Like Mexican companies will move back to the United States once the Tariff reaches the higher levels. They took many of our companies and jobs, the foolish Pols let it happen, and now they will come back unless Mexico stops the.....
...travesty that is taking place in allowing millions of people to easily meander through their country and INVADE the U.S., not to mention the Drugs and Human Trafficking pouring in through Mexico. Are the Drug Lords, Cartels and Coyotes really running Mexico? We will soon find out!
Saddened to hear about the loss of John Pinto, a Navajo Code Talker in World War II, over the Memorial Day Weekend. The Code Talkers are true American HEROES and John never stopped serving his fellow citizens as a longtime New Mexico State Senator. John, Rest In Peace!
90% of the Drugs coming into the United States come through Mexico and our Southern Border. 80,000 people died last year, 1,000,000 people ruined. This has gone on for many years and nothing has been done about it. We have a 100 Billion Dollar Trade Deficit with Mexico. It’s time!
In order not to pay Tariffs, if they start rising, companies will leave Mexico, which has taken 30% of our Auto Industry, and come back home to the USA. Mexico must take back their country from the drug lords and cartels. The Tariff is about stopping drugs as well as illegals!
Mexico has taken advantage of the United States for decades. Because of the Dems, our Immigration Laws are BAD. Mexico makes a FORTUNE from the U.S., have for decades, they can easily fix this problem. Time for them to finally do what must be done!
On June 10th, the United States will impose a 5% Tariff on all goods coming into our Country from Mexico, until such time as illegal migrants coming through Mexico, and into our Country, STOP. The Tariff will gradually increase until the Illegal Immigration problem is remedied,..
 Thx to Pres Trump/Amb Lighthizer and Canada/Mexico for working to get to this pt Now it’s time for Congress to do its job…
...Mexico’s attitude is that people from other countries, including Mexico, should have the right to flow into the U.S. and that U.S. taxpayers should be responsible for the tremendous costs associated w/this illegal migration. Mexico is wrong and I will soon be giving a response!
I am very disappointed that Mexico is doing virtually nothing to stop illegal immigrants from coming to our Southern Border where everyone knows that because of the Democrats, our Immigration Laws are totally flawed and broken...
Starting Monday, our great Farmers can begin doing business again with Mexico and Canada. They have both taken the tariff penalties off of your great agricultural product. Please be sure that you are treated fairly. Any complaints should immediately go to  Secretary Sonny Perdue!
....Federal Judges (many more to come), two great new Supreme Court Justices, the Mexico City Policy, and a whole new and positive attitude about the Right to Life. The Radical Left, with late term abortion (and worse), is imploding on this issue. We must stick together and Win....
 BREAKING: The father of one of the STEM School Highlands Ranch shooters was a *criminal illegal alien from Mexico* who wa…
Congress must change the Immigration Laws now, Dems won’t act. Wall is being built - 400 miles by end of next year. Mexico must stop the march to Border! foxandfriends
The Coyotes and Drug Cartels are in total control of the Mexico side of the Southern Border. They have labs nearby where they make drugs to sell into the U.S. Mexico, one of the most dangerous country’s in the world, must eradicate this problem now. Also, stop the MARCH to U.S.
Can anyone comprehend what a GREAT job Border Patrol and Law Enforcement is doing on our Southern Border. So far this year they have APPREHENDED 418,000 plus illegal immigrants, way up from last year. Mexico is doing very little for us. DEMS IN CONGRESS MUST ACT NOW!
Mexico’s Soldiers recently pulled guns on our National Guard Soldiers, probably as a diversionary tactic for drug smugglers on the Border. Better not happen again! We are now sending ARMED SOLDIERS to the Border. Mexico is not doing nearly enough in apprehending and returning!
A very big Caravan of over 20,000 people started up through Mexico. It has been reduced in size by Mexico but is still coming. Mexico must apprehend the remainder or we will be forced to close that section of the Border and call up the Military. The Coyotes and Cartels have weapons!
I never offered Pardons to Homeland Security Officials, never ordered anyone to close our Southern Border (although I have the absolute right to do so, and may if Mexico does not apprehend the illegals coming to our Border), and am not “frustrated.” It is all Fake and Corrupt News!
Everybody is now acknowledging that, right from the time I announced my run for President, I was 100% correct on the Border. Remember the heat I took? Democrats should now get rid of the loopholes. The Border is being fixed. Mexico will not let people through!
A 9th Circuit Judge just ruled that Mexico is too dangerous for migrants. So unfair to the U.S. OUT OF CONTROL! 
....Mexico must apprehend all illegals and not let them make the long march up to the United States, or we will have no other choice than to Close the Border and/or institute Tariffs. Our Country is FULL!
....it’s powerful common sense Immigration Laws to stop illegals from coming through Mexico into the U.S., and removing them back to their country of origin. Until Mexico cleans up this ridiculous and massive migration, we will be focusing on Border Security, not Ports of Entry....
We have redeployed 750 agents at the Southern Border’s specific Ports of Entry in order to help with the large scale surge of illegal migrants trying to make their way into the United States. This will cause traffic and commercial delays until such time as Mexico is able to use....
....This will supersede USMCA. Likewise I am looking at an economic penalty for the 500 Billion Dollars in illegal DRUGS that are shipped and smuggled through Mexico and across our Southern Border. Over 100,00 Americans die each year, sooo many families destroyed!
....However, if for any reason Mexico stops apprehending and bringing the illegals back to where they came from, the U.S. will be forced to Tariff at 25% all cars made in Mexico and shipped over the Border to us. If that doesn’t work, which it will, I will close the Border.......
The Crazed and Dishonest Washington Post again purposely got it wrong. Mexico, for the first time in decades, is meaningfully apprehending illegals at THEIR Southern Border, before the long march up to the U.S. This is great and the way it should be. The big flow will stop.......
After many years (decades), Mexico is apprehending large numbers of people at their Southern Border, mostly from Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador. They have ALL been taking U.S. money for years, and doing ABSOLUTELY NOTHING for us, just like the Democrats in Congress!
 Mexico must use its very strong immigration laws to stop the many thousands of people trying to get into the USA. Our…
The Democrats are allowing a ridiculous asylum system and major loopholes to remain as a mainstay of our immigration system. Mexico is likewise doing NOTHING, a very bad combination for our Country. Homeland Security is being sooo very nice, but not for long!
Mexico must use its very strong immigration laws to stop the many thousands of people trying to get into the USA. Our detention areas are maxed out and we will take no more illegals. Next step is to close the Border! This will also help us with stopping the Drug flow from Mexico!
....the Border, or large sections of the Border, next week. This would be so easy for Mexico to do, but they just take our money and “talk.” Besides, we lose so much money with them, especially when you add in drug trafficking etc.), that the Border closing would be a good thing!
....through their country and our Southern Border. Mexico has for many years made a fortune off of the U.S., far greater than Border Costs. If Mexico doesn’t immediately stop ALL illegal immigration coming into the United States throug our Southern Border, I will be CLOSING.....
The DEMOCRATS have given us the weakest immigration laws anywhere in the World. Mexico has the strongest, and they make more than $100 Billion a year on the U.S. Therefore, CONGRESS MUST CHANGE OUR WEAK IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW, and Mexico must stop illegals from entering the U.S....
We have a National Emergency at our Southern Border. The Dems refuse to do what they know is necessary - amend our immigration laws. Would immediately solve the problem! Mexico, with the strongest immigration laws in the World, refuses to help with illegal immigration and drugs!
Mexico is doing NOTHING to help stop the flow of illegal immigrants to our Country. They are all talk and no action. Likewise, Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador have taken our money for years, and do Nothing. The Dems don’t care, such BAD laws. May close the Southern Border!
....are all coming back to the U.S. So is everyone else. We now have the best Economy in the World, the envy of all. Get that big, beautiful plant in Ohio open now. Close a plant in China or Mexico, where you invested so heavily pre-Trump, but not in the U.S.A. Bring jobs home!
 January 16, 2019: 247 illegal migrants rush the border in New Mexico.  This is a national emergency. 
We have just built this powerful Wall in New Mexico. Completed on January 30, 2019 – 47 days ahead of schedule! Many miles more now under construction! Finish The Wall 
Tremendous numbers of people are coming up through Mexico in the hopes of flooding our Southern Border. We have sent additional military. We will build a Human Wall if necessary. If we had a real Wall, this would be a non-event!
With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country, Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security. Dems do nothing. If there is no Wall, there is no Security. Human Trafficking, Drugs and Criminals of all dimensions - KEEP OUT!
With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country, Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security. Dems do nothing. If there is no Wall, there is no Security. Human Trafficking, Drugs and Criminals of all dimensionns - KEEP OUT!
Very sadly, Murder cases in Mexico in 2018 rose 33% from 2017, to 33,341. This is a big contributor to the Humanitarian Crisis taking place on our Southern Border and then spreading throughout our Country. Worse even than Afghanistan. Much caused by DRUGS. Wall is being built!
With Murders up 33% in Mexico, a record, why wouldn’t any sane person want to build a Wall! Construction has started and will not stop until it is finished. Lou Dobbs foxandfriends
Very sadly, Murder cases in Mexico in 2018 rose 33% from 2017, to 33,341. This is a big contributor to the Humanitarian Crises taking place on our Southern Border and then spreading throughout our Country. Worse even than Afghanistan. Much caused by DRUGS. Wall is being built!
Four people in Nevada viciously robbed and killed by an illegal immigrant who should not have been in our Country. 26 people killed on the Border in a drug and gang related fight. Two large Caravans from Honduras broke into Mexico and are headed our way. We need a powerful Wall!
If Nancy Pelosi thinks that Walls are “immoral,” why isn’t she requesting that we take down all of the existing Walls between the U.S. and Mexico, even the new ones just built in San Diego at their very strong urging. Let millions of unchecked “strangers” just flow into the U.S.
Mexico is doing NOTHING to stop the Caravan which is now fully formed and heading to the United States. We stopped the last two - many are still in Mexico but can’t get through our Wall, but it takes a lot of Border Agents if there is no Wall. Not easy!
I often said during rallies, with little variation, that “Mexico will pay for the Wall.” We have just signed a great new Trade Deal with Mexico. It is Billions of Dollars a year better than the very bad NAFTA deal which it replaces. The difference pays for Wall many times over!
Mexico is paying for the Wall through the new USMCA Trade Deal. Much of the Wall has already been fully renovated or built. We have done a lot of work. $5.6 Billion Dollars that House has approved is very little in comparison to the benefits of National Security. Quick payback!
MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL through the many billions of dollars a year that the U.S.A. is saving through the new Trade Deal, the USMCA, that will replace the horrendous NAFTA Trade Deal, which has so badly hurt our Country. Mexico and Canada will also thrive - good for all!
.....close the Southern Border. Bring our car industry back into the United States where it belongs. Go back to pre-NAFTA, before so many of our companies and jobs were so foolishly sent to Mexico. Either we build (finish) the Wall or we close the Border......
....The United States looses soooo much money on Trade with Mexico under NAFTA, over 75 Billion Dollars a year (not including Drug Money which would be many times that amount), that I would consider closing the Southern Border a “profit making operation.” We build a Wall or.....
Mexico is paying (indirectly) for the Wall through the new USMCA, the replacement for NAFTA! Far more money coming to the U.S. Because of the tremendous dangers at the Border, including large scale criminal and drug inflow, the United States Military will build the Wall!
I often stated, “One way or the other, Mexico is going to pay for the Wall.” This has never changed. Our new deal with Mexico (and Canada), the USMCA, is so much better than the old, very costly and anti-USA NAFTA deal, that just by the money we save, MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL!
Despite the large Caravans that WERE forming and heading to our Country, people have not been able to get through our newly built Walls, makeshift Walls and Fences, or Border Patrol Officers and Military. They are now staying in Mexico or going back to their original countries.......
Just signed one of the most important, and largest, Trade Deals in U.S. and World History. The United States, Mexico and Canada worked so well together in crafting this great document. The terrible NAFTA will soon be gone. The USMCA will be fantastic for all!
Very disappointed with General Motors and their CEO, Mary Barra, for closing plants in Ohio, Michigan and Maryland. Nothing being closed in Mexico and China. The U.S. saved General Motors, and this is the THANKS we get! We are now looking at cutting all GM subsidies, including....
....for electric cars. General Motors made a big China bet years ago when they built plants there (and in Mexico) - don’t think that bet is going to pay off. I am here to protect America’s Workers!
Mexico should move the flag waving Migrants, many of whom are stone cold criminals, back to their countries. Do it by plane, do it by bus, do it anyway you want, but they are NOT coming into the U.S.A. We will close the Border permanently if need be. Congress, fund the WALL!
Would be very SMART if Mexico would stop the Caravans long before they get to our Southern Border, or if originating countries would not let them form (it is a way they get certain people out of their country and dump in U.S. No longer). Dems created this problem. No crossings!
....All will stay in Mexico. If for any reason it becomes necessary, we will CLOSE our Southern Border. There is no way that the United States will, after decades of abuse, put up with this costly and dangerous situation anymore!
The Mayor of Tijuana, Mexico, just stated that “the City is ill-prepared to handle this many migrants, the backlog could last 6 months.” Likewise, the U.S. is ill-prepared for this invasion, and will not stand for it. They are causing crime and big problems in Mexico. Go home!
The Caravans are made up of some very tough fighters and people. Fought back hard and viciously against Mexico at Northern Border before breaking through. Mexican soldiers hurt, were unable, or unwilling to stop Caravan. Should stop them before they reach our Border, but won’t!
Sadly, it looks like Mexico’s Police and Military are unable to stop the Caravan heading to the Southern Border of the United States. Criminals and unknown Middle Easterners are mixed in. I have alerted Border Patrol and Military that this is a National Emergy. Must change laws!
Full efforts are being made to stop the onslaught of illegal aliens from crossing our Souther Border. People have to apply for asylum in Mexico first, and if they fail to do that, the U.S. will turn them away. The courts are asking the U.S. to do things that are not doable!
Thank you Mexico, we look forward to working with you! 
....The assault on our country at our Southern Border, including the Criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in, is far more important to me, as President, than Trade or the USMCA. Hopefully Mexico will stop this onslaught at their Northern Border. All Democrats fault for weak laws!
....In addition to stopping all payments to these countries, which seem to have almost no control over their population, I must, in the strongest of terms, ask Mexico to stop this onslaught - and if unable to do so I will call up the U.S. Military and CLOSE OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!..
I am watching the Democrat Party led (because they want Open Borders and existing weak laws) assault on our country by Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador, whose leaders are doing little to stop this large flow of people, INCLUDING MANY CRIMINALS, from entering Mexico to U.S.....
Just spoke to President-Elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador of Mexico. Great call, we will work well together!
Mexico, Canada and the United States are a great partnership and will be a very formidable trading force. We will now, because of the USMCA, work very well together. Great Spirit!
Thank you to Congressman Tom Reed of New York for your wonderful comments on our great new Trade Deal with Mexico and Canada, the USMCA. I have long ago given you my Full Endorsement, and for good reason. Keep up the Great Work! Varneyco
Great reviews on the new USMCA. Thank you! Mexico and Canada will be wonderful partners in Trade (and more) long into the future.
Congratulations to Mexico and Canada!
Late last night, our deadline, we reached a wonderful new Trade Deal with Canada, to be added into the deal already reached with Mexico. The new name will be The United States Mexico Canada Agreement, or USMCA. It is a great deal for all three countries, solves the many......
Our new Trade Deal with Mexico focuses on FARMERS, GROWTH for our country, tearing down TRADE BARRIERS, JOBS and having companies continue to POUR BACK INTO OUR COUNTRY. It will be a big hit!
United States-Mexico Trade Agreement:  
A big deal looking good with Mexico!
Our relationship with Mexico is getting closer by the hour. Some really good people within both the new and old government, and all working closely together....A big Trade Agreement with Mexico could be happening soon!
Deal with Mexico is coming along nicely. Autoworkers and farmers must be taken care of or there will be no deal. New President of Mexico has been an absolute gentleman. Canada must wait. Their Tariffs and Trade Barriers are far too high. Will tax cars if we can’t make a deal!
One of the reasons we need Great Border Security is that Mexico’s murder rate in 2017 increased by 27% to 31,174 people killed, a record! The Democrats want Open Borders. I want Maximum Border Security and respect for ICE and our great Law Enforcement Professionals! Fox News
 “About 1-in-5 illegal alien adults crossing the United States-Mexico border with toddlers under the age of five are either c…
Congratulations to Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador on becoming the next President of Mexico. I look very much forward to working with him. There is much to be done that will benefit both the United States and Mexico!
80% of Mexico’s Exports come to the United States. They totally rely on us, which is fine with me. They do have, though, very strong Immigration Laws. The U.S. has pathetically weak and ineffective Immigration Laws that the Democrats refuse to help us fix. Will speak to Mexico!
Thank you for all of the compliments on getting the World Cup to come to the U.S.A., Mexico and Canada. I worked hard on this, along with a Great Team of talented people. We never fail, and it will be a great World Cup! A special thanks to Bob Kraft for excellent advice.
The U.S., together with Mexico and Canada, just got the World Cup. Congratulations - a great deal of hard work!
Farmers have not been doing well for 15 years. Mexico, Canada, China and others have treated them unfairly. By the time I finish trade talks, that will change. Big trade barriers against U.S. farmers, and other businesses, will finally be broken. Massive trade deficits no longer!
Our Southern Border is under siege. Congress must act now to change our weak and ineffective immigration laws. Must build a Wall. Mexico, which has a massive crime problem, is doing little to help!
The U.S. has put together a STRONG bid w/ Canada and Mexico for the 2026 World Cup. It would be a shame if countries that we always support were to lobby against the U.S. bid. Why should we be supporting these countries when they don’t support us (including at the United Nations)?
Mexico, whose laws on immigration are very tough, must stop people from going through Mexico and into the U.S. We may make this a condition of the new NAFTA Agreement. Our Country cannot accept what is happening! Also, we must get Wall funding fast.
The Caravan is largely broken up thanks to the strong immigration laws of Mexico and their willingness to use them so as not to cause a giant scene at our Border. Because of the Trump Administrations actions, Border crossings are at a still UNACCEPTABLE 46 year low. Stop drugs!
Our Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico and Canada are very strong. Congress must change these Obama era, and other, laws NOW! The Democrats stand in our way - they want people to pour into our country unchecked....CRIME! We will be taking strong action today.
The big Caravan of People from Honduras, now coming across Mexico and heading to our “Weak Laws” Border, had better be stopped before it gets there. Cash cow NAFTA is in play, as is foreign aid to Honduras and the countries that allow this to happen. Congress MUST ACT NOW!
Honduras, Mexico and many other countries that the U.S. is very generous to, sends many of their people to our country through our WEAK IMMIGRATION POLICIES. Caravans are heading here. Must pass tough laws and build the WALL. Democrats allow open borders, drugs and crime!
As ridiculous as it sounds, the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our Southern Border back where they came from. A whole big wasted procedure must take place. Mexico and Canada have tough immigration laws, whereas ours are an Obama joke. ACT CONGRESS
Mexico is making a fortune on NAFTA...They have very strong border laws - ours are pathetic. With all of the money they make from the U.S., hopefully they will stop people from coming through their country and into ours, at least until Congress changes our immigration laws!
Mexico has the absolute power not to let these large “Caravans” of people enter their country. They must stop them at their Northern Border, which they can do because their border laws work, not allow them to pass through into our country, which has no effective border laws.....
Mexico is doing very little, if not NOTHING, at stopping people from flowing into Mexico through their Southern Border, and then into the U.S. They laugh at our dumb immigration laws. They must stop the big drug and people flows, or I will stop their cash cow, NAFTA. NEED WALL!
...treat our farmers much better. Highly restrictive. Mexico must do much more on stopping drugs from pouring into the U.S. They have not done what needs to be done. Millions of people addicted and dying.
We have large trade deficits with Mexico and Canada. NAFTA, which is under renegotiation right now, has been a bad deal for U.S.A. Massive relocation of companies and jobs. Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum will only come off if new and fair NAFTA agreement is signed. Also, Canada must..
MS-13 gang members are being removed by our Great ICE and Border Patrol Agents by the thousands, but these killers come back in from El Salvador, and through Mexico, like water. El Salvador just takes our money, and Mexico must help MORE with this problem. We need The Wall!
Our economy is better than it has been in many decades. Businesses are coming back to America like never before. Chrysler, as an example, is leaving Mexico and coming back to the USA. Unemployment is nearing record lows. We are on the right track!
We need the Wall for the safety and security of our country. We need the Wall to help stop the massive inflow of drugs from Mexico, now rated the number one most dangerous country in the world. If there is no Wall, there is no Deal!
....The Wall will be paid for, directly or indirectly, or through longer term reimbursement, by Mexico, which has a ridiculous $71 billion dollar trade surplus with the U.S. The $20 billion dollar Wall is “peanuts” compared to what Mexico makes from the U.S. NAFTA is a bad joke!
During the campaign, I promised to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN by bringing businesses and jobs back to our country. I am very proud to see companies like Chrysler moving operations from Mexico to Michigan where there are so many great American workers! 
Yesterday was another big day for jobs and the Stock Market. Chrysler coming back to U.S. (Michigan) from Mexico and many more companies paying out Tax Cut money to employees. If Dems won in November, Market would have TANKED! It was headed for disaster.
Yesterday was a big day for the stock market. Jobs are coming back to America. Chrysler is coming back to the USA, from Mexico and many others will follow. Tax cut money to employees is pouring into our economy with many more companies announcing. American business is hot again!
Chrysler is moving a massive plant from Mexico to Michigan, reversing a years long opposite trend. Thank you Chrysler, a very wise decision. The voters in Michigan are very happy they voted for Trump/Pence. Plenty of more to follow!
More great news as a result of historical Tax Cuts and Reform: Fiat Chrysler announces plan to invest more than $1 BILLION in Michigan plant, relocating their heavy-truck production from Mexico to Michigan, adding 2,500 new jobs and paying $2,000 bonus to U.S. employees! 
God bless the people of Mexico City. We are with you and will be there for you.
Spoke to President of Mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake. Unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his cell phone reception at site.
We are in the NAFTA (worst trade deal ever made) renegotiation process with Mexico and Canada.Both being very difficult,may have to terminate?
With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world, we must have THE WALL. Mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other.
New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a very good one for both Mexico and the U.S. Had no deal for many years which hurt U.S. badly.
Mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world, after only Syria. Drug trade is largely the cause. We will BUILD THE WALL!
 MEXICO 2ND DEADLIEST COUNTRY; TOPS AFGHAN, IRAQ... 
Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that's sold in U.S.
I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate. I agreed..
Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall.
Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits and little help on the very weak border must change, NOW!
of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting.
The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers...
Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford and Fiat C!
Dishonest media says Mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake!
The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall (for sake of speed), will be paid back by Mexico later!
Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax.
Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning - much more to follow
"Dan Scavino: Ford to scrap Mexico plant, invest in Michigan due to Trump policies" 
Yes, it is true - Carlos Slim, the great businessman from Mexico, called me about getting together for a meeting. We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY!
Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!
Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico
Beautiful rally in Albuquerque, New Mexico this evening - thank you. Get out and VOTE! Drain The Swamp Watch rally:… 
Great day in Colorado and Arizona. Will be in Nevada, Colorado and New Mexico tomorrow - join me! Tickets:… 
With Luis, Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted.
Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Peña Nieto.
Mexico will pay for the wall!
Mexico will pay for the wall - 100%! Make America Great Again Im With You 
Great trip to Mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.
Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana, and now she didn't go to Mexico. She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."
I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto, of Mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow.
Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!
The "Rust Belt" was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!
Mc Allen, Texas- 8 miles from  U.S. - Mexico border. Trump2016  Video:  
Thank you New Mexico! Trump2016  
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!
Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd! Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim.
Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS, and China on trade, and Mexico at the border. Bad!
We must build a great wall between Mexico and the United States! 
Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico, now losing Ford (and many others). Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now!
North Carolina lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost 400,000 since 2000. Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN, WE WILL BRING BACK!
Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico!
FMR PRES of Mexico, Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall. He must apologize! If I did that there would be a uproar!
"Am Free: Trump On Ford, Carrier, Shipping Jobs To Mexico: ‘I’m The Only One Who Understands What’s Going On’ "
Now an additional 600-700 jobs in America (2,000) being eliminated for move to Mexico- via Hartford Courant. 
.Ann Coulter has been amazing. We will win and establish strong borders, we will build a WALL and Mexico will pay. We will be great again!
When will the Democrats, and Hillary in particular, say "we must build a wall, a great wall, and Mexico is going to pay for it?" Never!
Word is that Ford Motor, because of my constant badgering at packed events, is going to cancel their deal to go to Mexico and stay in U.S.
"josemen31: real Donald Trump this Mexican here loves you man!! Keep doing your thing mexicolovestrump"  Great!
"mimi_saulino: seanhannity Fox News Syrian Muslims escorted into U.S. through Mexico. Now arriving to Oklahoma and Kansas! Congress?"
Good luck to the US Men’s National Team in tomorrow’s CONCACAF Cup vs. Mexico!  It should be a great game!  
"Foshay504: greta Donald Trump-Love him! It's time to run America like a business. We've given all our wealth to China n Mexico!! No more!
Ford is MOVING jobs from Michigan to Mexico AGAIN!  As President, this will stop on Day One! Jobs will stay here.
Mexico’s totally corrupt gov’t looks horrible with El Chapo’s escape—totally corrupt. U.S. paid them $3 billion.
When will people, and the media, start to apologize to me for my statement, "Mexico is sending....", which turned out to be true?  El Chapo
....likewise, billions of dollars gets brought into Mexico    through the border. We get the killers, drugs and crime, they get the money!
Mexico's biggest drug lord escapes from jail. Unbelievable corruption and USA is paying the price.  I told you so!
"Bonnie Kit: Thank you America Ferrara for supporting lawless criminals from Mexico. One more needless death. 2 innocent lives taken"
Mexican leaders and negotiators are much tougher and smarter than those of the U.S. Mexico is killing us on jobs and trade. WAKE UP!
"Real Ninjetta Erin Siegal App Same Univision   My many MEXICAN friends fly to visit Mexico because UNSAFE border"
I love the Mexican people, but Mexico is not our friend. They're killing us at the border and they're killing us on jobs and trade. FIGHT!
We MUST have strong borders and stop illegal immigration. Without that we do not have a country. Also, Mexico is killing U.S. on trade. WIN!
Must read article via fitsnews: "DONALD TRUMP VERSUS MEXICO" 
A great article by Nolte NC spelling out the truth on Mexico, trade, the border and illegals. Thank you Breitbart News 
The leader and negotiators representing Mexico are far smarter and more cunning than the leader and negotiators representing the U.S.!
Only very stupid people think that the United States is making good trade deals with Mexico.Mexico is killing us at the border and at trade!
.Univision cares far more about Mexico than it does about the U.S.  Are they controlled by the Mexican government?
I love Mexico but not the unfair trade deals that the US so stupidly makes with them. Really bad for US jobs, only good for Mexico.
Univision wants to back out of signed Miss Universe contract because I exposed the terrible trade deals that the U.S. makes with Mexico.
Mexico is killing the United States economically because their leaders and negotiators are FAR smarter than ours. But nobody beats Trump!
I like Mexico and love the spirit of  Mexican people, but we must protect our borders from people, from all over, pouring into the U.S.
Via G_Liberty_Voice by Melody Dareing: “Donald Trump Wants to Build a Wall Between U.S. And Mexico” 
"2014_vince: real Donald Trump bring jobs back from asia and mexico..vote trump for wage justice"
"thehill: Donald Trump on Mexico: "I would build a wall like nobody can build a wall"  " True.
My The Brody File int. from Iowa on how I would build a wall to secure our Southern Border and deduct costs from Mexico 
"Fly OSUBuckeye1:Really hoping you announce a 2016 run soon! Ford building more factories in Mexico! Eating Our Lunch 
"chingaling3: real Donald Trump Praying for you, the Mexico situation and your decision to run for President May God guide you"
"Sebastian_Rey10: “CNBC: Ford is planning a $2,500,000,000 investment real Donald Trump in MEXICO!!!!"  The U.S. is getting killed!
ISIS is operating a training camp 8 miles outside our Southern border  We need a wall. Deduct costs from Mexico!
Mexico’s court system is a dishonest joke. I am owed a lot of money and nothing happens.
Rodolfo Rosas Moya and his pals in Mexico owe me a lot of money. Disgusting and slow Mexico court system. Mexico is not a U.S. friend.
"calicombo: real Donald Trump ALEKSMM ford is building a factory in Mexico." Should be in U.S.
"ALEKSMM:  I have a lawsuit in Mexico’s corrupt court system that I won but so far can’t collect. Don’t do business with Mexico!""
"dashing1995: You've said Mexico is not a friend. I agree. USA faces Mexico tomorrow in soccer. ussoccer could use a shout out from you."
"Josh_Millard16: I'm loving everything Donald Trump has been saying about the Iranian Nuclear deal, China, Mexico, and the border.Please run
"EJ1469: real Donald Trump well half of Mexico will see the event because they are here in the USA"
Mexico's court system  corrupt.I want nothing to do with Mexico other than to build an impenetrable WALL and stop them from ripping off U.S.
Because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya, who owes me lots of money, Mexico will never again host the Miss Universe Pageant.
Despite Mexico's interest in again hosting the Miss Universe Pageant, it will be because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya that it will never happen.
So many people are angry at my comments on Mexico—but face it—Mexico is totally ripping off the US. Our politicians are dummies!
The Mexican legal system is corrupt, as is much of Mexico. Pay me the money that is owed me now - and stop sending criminals over our border
I have a lawsuit in Mexico’s corrupt court system that I won but so far can’t collect. Don’t do business with Mexico!
The Oscars were a great night for Mexico and why not—they are ripping off the US more than almost any other nation.
"Polo Murillo101: real Donald Trump we all love you in Mexico Donald! You are our role model!!"  Thanks!
"seyjohnny: Obama traded 5 low life's from Gitmo for a soldier who was considered a deserter, but did nothing for the soldier in Mexico"
"Nardokids:I believe you had a huge part in bringing our soldier out of Mexico. As the Mom of an Airman I thank you for your efforts.Thanks
"Stay_on_Green: Andrew Tahmooressi has been freed by Mexico. Obama didn't do anything. But I think that real Donald Trump did.
"moose_taz: foxandfriends real Donald Trump 1000% right about Mexico agenda and impossible citizenship process God can't we wake up.
"JAdams Eden: real Donald Trump Articulate and concise as ever, leave it to Trump to identify the clear and present economic enemy;-MEXICO!"
Obama will let Ebola fly into US and drugrunners cross our border daily. But he won't pressure Mexico on Sgt. Tahmooressi. Free Our Marine
If I were president Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi would be let out of jail with one phone call. If not,Mexico would pay a price like never before!
The fight against ISIS starts at our border. ‘At least’ 10 ISIS have been caught crossing the Mexico border. Build a wall!
Can you believe we still have not gotten our Marine out of Mexico. He sits in prison while our PRESIDENT plays golf and makes bad decisions!
Every day Mexico continues to hold Sgt. Tahmooressi is an insult to our country.
"New Mexico Roni real Donald Trump sadly, they of course will blame you for the failure. Idiots."  And I haven't been there in years.
Get our Marine out of Mexico. 
"Linda Bales1: "gretawire: .real Donald Trump just said, "Mexico is called the highway to the United States" Border Crisis"" True!
Sgt.Thamooressi has been held in Mexico for 115 Days. Mexico has zero respect for our border and our servicemen. Boycott!  freeourmarine
Mexico sent USMC Andrew Tahmooressi back to jail after court hearing. Mexico does not respect our border or U.S. Boycott! Free Our Marine
"joella_clements:There is only one person who should be crossing our southern border, USMC Sgt Tahmooressi Boycott Mexico? Free Our Marine""
"cwjaccount Michael Green77 real Donald Trump  WHY are we sending money to Mexico?  We all know where it will end up." True--a total waste!
...Mexico cannot believe what they are getting away with and have absolutely no respect for our leader.
If a person is 1 at Harvard and comes from Europe or Asia, they can't get into the U.S. From Mexico etc. with a criminal record, no problem
Mexico is allowing many thousands to go thru their country and to our very stupid open door. The Mexicans are laughing at us as buses pass by.
When will the U.S. stop sending $'s to our enemies, i.e. Mexico and others.
Our gov’t should immediately stop sending $’s to Mexico, no friend, until they release Marine and stop allowing immigrant inflow into U.S.
"reginafrye69: real Donald Trump Thankyou for supporting our Marine Heldin Mexico FREEOURMARINE Yes Obama could do something"
"ry_connolly: real Donald Trump telling it like it is on Fox News right now, Mexico is spitting in Obama's face and he does nothing legend"
"Scalplock: real Donald Trump says it. Stop sending money to Mexico until Marine freed. tcot PJNET"
There is only one person who should be crossing our southern border, USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi. Boycott Mexico? Free Our Marine
Boycott Mexico until they release our Marine. With all the money they get from the U.S., this should be an easy one. NO RESPECT!
"mfinale1: Bringbackourmarine let's do this America. BOYCOTT MEXICO real Donald Trump "
"D The government spends millions to keep bad people to come in via air travel. Now they go through Mexico. Wish Donald Trump was in charge"
Why isn't Mexico releasing our Marine. U.S. should come down really hard on them. They have ZERO respect for our so-called "leader"
Mexico doesn’t respect our border hourly  Release USMC Tahmooressi NOW! Time for a boycott? Save Our Marine
W/ the ransom Obama paid for deserter Bergdhal, getting Mexico to release USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi is much harder. Bring Back Our Marine
Jailed USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi should be released immediately. Since when does Mexico care about border security?Bring Back Our Marine
Obama can release 5 senior Taliban for a deserter but can’t make Mexico release decorated Marine Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. Pathetic
"Ale Rdz Cuevas: real Donald Trump you should be the President of MY country, Mexico."  I better learn Spanish very fast!
mikeymexico  Thsnk you.
"Mexico Indie: real Donald Trump if only the world would listen to more of what you have to say, everything would be better"
Great read by VDHanson: “Mexico's Hypocrisy Is Evident In Its Own Strict Policy Toward Immigrants” 
China is openly sailing warships in our waters and arming countries in our hemisphere including Mexico  Ally?
"Paulina Bours: real Donald Trump Saludos desde Mexico! I really do admire you"  Thank you!
"CMHeel: real Donald Trump do like Mexico?"   Yes, but they make a fortune off the U.S.  Their leaders are far better negotiators than ours.
Pageant people are really talking about Venezuela, Brazil, Mexico, USA, India, Australia.
Putin just sent a Russian nuclear sub to the Gulf of Mexico. Barack Obama can't be bothered, he is too concerned with Mitt Romney's taxes.
The Amateur! First Barack Obama was caught bowing to the Saudi King but now the President of Mexico!  
Congratulations to Miss Mexico, Jimena Navarrete, our new Miss Universe 2010, and congratulations to everyone for a fantastic show.
