 The Accounts Chamber in Ukraine found an alleged misuse of $5.3B in U.S. funds during the Obama administration while Bide…
 This is your daily reminder that:  Barack Obama asked Ukraine to investigate his political rival's campaign manager  3 D…
 Truth is always based on facts.Obama Knew Everything and participated in election interference for decades. Started in Chica…
 Sens. Johnson, Grassley and Graham ask five former Obama admin officials for records and interviews regarding Burisma and…
 Dem’s impeachment for innocent conduct is intended to obstruct the below investigations of Obama-era corruption:  - Billi…
As bad as the I.G. Report is for the FBI and others, and it is really bad, remember that I.G. Horowitz was appointed by Obama. There was tremendous bias and guilt exposed, so obvious, but Horowitz couldn’t get himself to say it. Big credibility loss. Obama knew everything!
Chuck Schumer sat for years during the Obama Administration and watched as China ripped off the United States. He and the Do Nothing Democrats did NOTHING as this $ carnage took place. Now, without even seeing it, he snipes at our GREAT new deal with China. Too bad Cryin’ Chuck!
 Don't let the Impeachment Sham distract from the fact that the Obama FBI was just faulted for numerous "omissions" and "inac…
 It’s official:  Under Obama and Biden, Comey’s FBI used Dem-funded smears to spy on real Donald Trump’s campaign, then br…
 Trump Trounces Obama Approval Rating at Same Point of Presidencies  War Room Impeachment 
Taken during the Obama Administration (despite $150 Billion gift), returned during the Trump Administration. Thank you to Iran on a very fair negotiation. See, we can make a deal together! 
 Impeachment Witness: Obama Refused To Give Evidence To Congress 
 President Obama gave Ukraine blankets. President Trump gave Ukraine missiles. 
....and Taylor, dismissing everybody involved from the Obama holdover days trying to undermine Trump, getting rid of those people, dismissing them, this is what it looks like. It was never going to be claen, they were never going to sit by idly and just let Trump do this!” Rush L
 Obama’s own State Dept. was so concerned about conflicts of interest from Hunter Biden’s role at Burisma that they raise…
Many of the people in DACA, no longer very young, are far from “angels.” Some are very tough, hardened criminals. President Obama said he had no legal right to sign order, but would anyway. If Supreme Court remedies with overturn, a deal will be made with Dems for them to stay!
 Obama NSC holdovers — the so-called whistleblower and the two Schiff staffers — must be part of the 2016-related crimina…
 Of Wisconsin’s 72 counties, 23 switched from voting for Obama in 2012 to Trump in 2016  …
 "Eight long years after President Obama's ill-fated push at regime change, U.S. troops are still on the ground in Syria. Mo…
Pelosi is now leading a delegation of 9, including Corrupt Adam Schiff, to Jordan to check out Syria. She should find out why Obama drew The Red Line In the Sand, and then did NOTHING, losing Syria and all respect. I did something, 58 missiles. One million died under Obama’s mistake!
 The Obama Administration asked Ukraine to investigate Trump when he was a private citizen  Where were the MSM attacks th…
 Obama foreign policy:  —Let Syria cross his “red line”  —Hillary’s Failed Russian Reset  —$150 Billion in cash to our en…
Susan Rice, who was a disaster to President Obama as National Security Advisor, is now telling us her opinion on what to do in Syria. Remember RED LINE IN THE SAND? That was Obama. Millions killed! No thanks Susan, you were a disaster.
 “About 500,000 human beings were killed in Syria while Barack Obama was president and leading for a “political settlemen…
“About 500,000 human beings were killed in Syria while Barack Obama was president and leading for a “political settlement” to that civil war. Media has been more outraged in the last 72 hours over our Syria policy than they were at any point during 7 years of slaughter.” Buck Sexton
President Obama said that he did not have the right to sign DACA, that it will never hold up in court. He signed it anyway! If the Supreme Court upholds DACA, it gives the President extraordinary powers, far greater than ever thought. If they do what is right and do not let......
Radical Left Dem Mayor of Minneapolis, Jacob Frey, is doing everything possible to stifle Free Speech despite a record sell-out crowd at the Target Center. Presidents Clinton and Obama paid almost nothing! The Minneapolis Police have been incredible....
 New data is out on median income growth:  Under Barack Obama, incomes rose $11 a month.  Under real Donald Trump, incomes…
 We aligned under Obama not with “the Kurds,” but with the PKK, the sworn enemy of the Turkish Republic, our ally.  We were…
Heritage Foundation “These numbers are blockbusters. Just since Donald Trump took office, Median Family Incomrs are up over $4,100. In 8 years under President Obama, they only went up $1000. In one third the time, President Trump has increased incomes 4 times as much, and that...
“Incomes much higher under Trump than Bush, Obama.” foxandfriends And almost everything else is better also (except I am driving the Deep State, and the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, CRAZY)!
Democrat lawyer is same for both Whistleblowers? All support Obama and Crooked Hillary. Witch Hunt! 
 Dollars are the real polls right now.   We’re DOUBLE where President Obama was at this point in his re-election.   Ameri…
Somebody please wake up Mitt Romney and tell him that my conversation with the Ukrainian President was a congenial and very appropriate one, and my statement on China pertained to corruption, not politics. If Mitt worked this hard on Obama, he could have won. Sadly, he choked!
 Obama-trained Indivisible astroturfers -- fake protesters posing as constituents (or as CNN pretends, "voter[s]) -- were b…
 The Obama admin launched an intelligence operation against Trump to derail his campaign and presidency in 2016-17, and now h…
 BREAKING: The whistleblower is a registered Democrat and CIA analyst who was detailed before the 2016 election to the Obama…
You cannot judge my Stock Market performance since the Inauguration, which was very good, but only from the day after the big Election Win, which was spectacular due to the euphoria of getting Obama/Biden OUT, and getting Trump/Pence IN. Went I up BIG between Nov. 9 and Inauguration!
....they made this whole thing up. Impeachment is also a pre-emptive strike for what they think is coming on the Obama Administration’s handling of the 2016 Election.” Jim Mc Laughlin, highly respected pollster. Wash Times Fox News
Can you imagine if these Do Nothing Democrat Savages, people like Nadler, Schiff, AOC Plus 3, and many more, had a Republican Party who would have done to Obama what the Do Nothings are doing to me. Oh well, maybe next time!
Obama loving (wrote Obama book) Peter Baker of the Failing New York Times, married to an even bigger Trump Hater than himself, should not even be allowed to write about me. Every story is a made up disaster with sources and leakers that don’t even exist. I had a simple and very..
“The pretend Ukraine scandal is an another malicious seditious effort to protect the Obama/Clinton gang. Criminal classified leaks and spying targeting Trump — again.” Tom Fitton
....for the privilege of being your President - and doing the best job that has been done in many decades. I am far beyond somebody paying for a hotel room for the evening, or filling up a gas tank at an airport I do not own. These Radical Left Democrats are CRAZY! Obama Netflix?
The nytimes. “This week, the Senate passed a milestone in confirming the 150th Federal Judge of Mr. Trump’s Administration to a lifetime appointment, far outstripping Barack Obama’s pace and fulfilling pledges by Mr. Trump and Mr. O’Connell to remake the Federal Judiciary....
....work that way. I have a better idea. Look at the Obama Book Deal, or the ridiculous Netflix deal. Then look at all the deals made by the Dems in Congress, the “Congressional Slush Fund,” and lastly the IG Reports. Take a look at them. Those investigations would be over FAST!
When all of the people pushing so hard for Criminal Justice Reform were  unable to come even close to getting it done, they came to me as a group and asked for my help. I got it done with a group of Senators and others who would never have gone for it. Obama couldn’t come close....
The Failing New York Times stated, in an article written by Obama flunky Peter Baker (who lovingly wrote Obama book),”Even after the President forecast the storm to include Alabama.” THIS IS NOT TRUE. I said, VERY EARLY ON, that it MAY EVEN hit Alabama. A BIG DIFFERENCE.....
DACA will be going before the Supreme Court. It is a document that even President Obama didn’t feel he had the legal right to sign - he signed it anyway! Rest assured that if the SC does what all say it must, based on the law, a bipartisan deal will be made to the benefit of all!
....have the discretion to end the program that President Obama began in his discretion. That program was unlawful to begin with. I think it’s very unlikely that the SCOTUS is going to issue an order reinstating what it believes is an unlawful program. DACA Is unlawful.” .....
....President Obama never had the legal right to sign DACA, and he indicated so at the time of signing. But In any event, how can he have the right to sign and I don’t have the right to “unsigned.” Totally illegal document which would actually give the President new powers.
The incompetent Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, was bothered that I played a very fast round of golf yesterday. Many Pols exercise for hours, or travel for weeks. Me, I run through one of my courses (very inexpensive). President Obama would fly to Hawaii. Kahn should focus on....
The incompetent Mayor of London, Sadique Kahn, was bothered that I played a very fast round of golf yesterday. Many Pols exercise for hours, or travel for weeks. Me, I run through one of my courses (very inexpensive). President Obama would fly to Hawaii. Kahn should focus on....
....Average hourly wages growth has far outpaced what we saw with President Obama. Across all industries, from mining and construction, to leisure and hospitality, With President Trump we see income growth in states like Iowa, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Nevada, Florida,......
 .Tom Fitton on Lou Dobbs: “The more we learn about Spy Gate targeting of Trump, the worse it looks for the Obama adminis…
 Biggest story anti-real Donald Trump media is hiding: Obama FBI/DOJ, and State Dept colluded with Bruce Ohr, his wife, and Cl…
 Wow. Throwback to when Senator Barack Obama agreed with real Donald Trump on immigration! RT this so your friends see this!…
Go out and get Andrew Mc Carthy’s new book, “Ball of Collusion.” “Supervision became the investigator, and when they pushed the envelope, there was nobody there to tell them NO. It goes right to the President (Obama). Plenty of information that Obama was informed and knew exactly...
“Did George Bush ever condemn President Obama after Sandy Hook. President Obama had 32 mass shootings during his reign. Not many people said Obama is out of Control. Mass shootings were happening before the President even thought about running for Pres.” kilmeade foxandfriends
The cages for kids were built by the Obama Administration in 2014. He had the policy of child separation. I ended it even as I realized that more families would then come to the Border! CNN
 Democrats are outraged about "cages" at border detention facilities. But guess who built EVERY SINGLE ONE: President Obama.…
The Obama Administration built the Cages, not the Trump Administration! DEMOCRATS MUST GIVE US THE VOTES TO CHANGE BAD IMMIGRATION LAWS.
 .Tom Fitton's breaking news on Clintonemailscandal: "New testimony shows Obama State Dept hid Clinton emails and then let…
 Former Obama Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson warned that decriminalization would attract hundreds of thousands of new…
Democrats had to quickly take down a tweet called “Kids In Cages, Inhumane Treatment at the Border,” because the horrible picture used was from the Obama years. Very embarrassing! foxandfriends
“Nearly one million more blacks and two million more Hispanics are employed than when Barrack Obama left office, and minorities account for more than half of all new jobs created during the Trump Presidency. Unemployment among black women has hovered near 5% for the last six.....
Iran has long been secretly “enriching,” in total violation of the terrible 150 Billion Dollar deal made by John Kerry and the Obama Administration. Remember, that deal was to expire in a short number of years. Sanctions will soon be increased, substantially!
So now the Obama appointed judge on the Census case (Are you a Citizen of the United States?) won’t let the Justice Department use the lawyers  that it wants to use. Could this be a first?
....healthcare (Obamacare) to stay in place, when it would have been replaced by something far better, shows how incredibly important our upcoming 2020 Election is. I have long heard that the appointment of Supreme Court Justices is a President’s most important decision. SO TRUE!
 Did Joe Biden forget about Obama’s Secretary of State Hillary Clinton offering a “reset” with Russia, undermining our nat…
 Joe Biden claims Russian election interference wouldn’t have happened on his watch or Obama’s watch.   Seriously, Joe?? I…
“In my opinion the President has done more good on the Korean issue in the last year and a half than President Obama did in eight years. If you look at the strides they made during the Obama years, which advocated strategic patience-they stuck their head in the sand. This is.....
....Iran’s very ignorant and insulting statement, put out today, only shows that they do not understand reality. Any attack by Iran on anything American will be met with great and overwhelming force. In some areas, overwhelming will mean obliteration. No more John Kerry and Obama!
Iran cannot have Nuclear Weapons! Under the terrible Obama plan, they would have been on their way to Nuclear in a short number of years, and existing verification is not acceptable. We are putting major additional Sanctions on Iran on Monday. I look forward to the day that.....
President Obama made a desperate and terrible deal with Iran - Gave them 150 Billion Dollars plus I.8 Billion Dollars in CASH! Iran was in big trouble and he bailed them out. Gave them a free path to Nuclear Weapons, and SOON. Instead of saying thank you, Iran yelled.....
 Tom Fitton: If There's Anything Watergate-Related, it's the Obama Admin's Actions Targeting real Donald Trump - Judicial Watc…
 Obama-Clinton-Russia:  The REAL Collusion Scandal; Docs Show Obama State Dept. Launders Steele Dossier to Target real Donald…
“Someone should call Obama up. The Obama Administration spied on a rival presidential campaign using Federal Agencies. I mean, that seems like a headline to me?” Tucker Carlson  It will all start coming out, and the Witch Hunt will end. Presidential Harassment!
 If President Obama made the deals that I have made, both at the Border and for the Economy, the Corrupt Media would be…
 Trump wins historic landslide election.  Democrats - "Russia did it."  Trump sets economic records.  Democrats - "Obama di…
If President Obama made the deals that I have made, both at the Border and for the Economy, the Corrupt Media would be hailing them as Incredible, and a National Holiday would be immediately declared. With me, despite our record setting Economy and all that I have done, no credit!
Another activist Obama appointed judge has just ruled against us on a section of the Southern Wall that is already under construction. This is a ruling against Border Security and in favor of crime, drugs and human trafficking. We are asking for an expedited appeal!
The Democrats are on a fishing expedition, wanting to interview the same people, and see the same things, as we just went through for two years with Robert Mueller and the 18 Angry Dems. Never happened to a president before. Never even happened to President Obama!
 God Bless President Trump--- Iran's so called leaders must think they're dealing with Bush or Obama.  MAGA America First Do…
“Just another abuse of power in a long series of abuses of power by the Democrats that began during the Obama Administration, continued through the Mueller FBI operation, and now the baton has been passed to Jerry Nadler to continue to abuse power to harass President Trump..
 Schiff knew.   Comey knew.   Obama knew.   Susan Rice knew.   Biden knew.   Brennan knew.   Clapper knew.   Peter Strzok kne…
 Trump Economy vs Obama Economy  Manufacturing jobs created: Trump: 470,000 Obama: -206,000  Under Obama, unemployment decli…
 List of Hillary's spies. Deep State DOJ redacted Bruce Ohr's list of "intermediaries" used by Obama-Clinton-DNC's Fusion GPS…
 FBI Official: Barack Obama's White House Was A "Repository" For Hillary Clinton's Emails - Judicial Watch …
 BREAKING: New emails show Obama WH orchestrated Clinton email coverup; Illegal spying on real Donald Trump biggest corruption…
Tariffs will make our Country MUCH STRONGER, not weaker. Just sit back and watch! In the meantime, China should not renegotiate deals with the U.S. at the last minute. This is not the Obama Administration, or the Administration of Sleepy Joe, who let China get away with “murder!”
 After the best week ever for real Donald Trump - no obstruction, no collusion, NYT admits Barack Obama did spy on his ca…
 JW President Tom Fitton: “Obama allowed his DOJ and FBI to spy on real Donald Trump. That’s the scandal of our generation and…
 .Tom Fitton discusses that “Obama, Biden, Clinton, Susan Rice, the DNC, John Brennan, Comey, Clapper, Kerry, Mc Cabe, Lor…
 BREAKING: Obama knew -- FBI admits it found Clinton Emails in Obama WH! PLUS Judicial Watch is already investigating the inv…
Why didn’t President Obama do something about Russia in September (before November Election) when told by the FBI? He did NOTHING, and had no intention of doing anything!
 dbongino Well there could be a small group of Obama people, anyone in his right mind would not support Joe Biden
The Media (Fake News) is pushing Sleepy Joe hard. Funny, I’m only here because of Biden and Obama. They didn’t do the job and now you have Trump, who is getting it done - big time!
No money was paid to North Korea for Otto Warmbier, not two Million Dollars, not anything else. This is not the Obama Administration that paid 1.8 Billion Dollars for four hostages, or gave five terroist hostages plus, who soon went back to battle, for traitor Sgt. Bergdahl!
 If Joe Biden wants to keep score:  In 8 years, Biden and Obama had a net loss of 193,000 manufacturing jobs.  In just over…
“Former CIA analyst Larry Johnson accuses United Kingdom Intelligence of helping Obama Administration Spy on the 2016 Trump Presidential Campaign.” OANN WOW! It is now just a question of time before the truth comes out, and when it does, it will be a beauty!
 COUP: Real Donald Trump was right -- Mueller witchhunt part of Spygate abuse begun by Obama DOJ/FBI, working with Hillary Cl…
 COUP UPDATE: Who needs to be investigated on Spygate and other abuses targeting Real Donald Trump? Partial list:  Obama  Bid…
 UNPRECEDENTED Spying Campaign on Real Donald Trump: DOJ/FBI/NSA/CIA/State -- "all hands on deck" in Obama administration's go…
“The Obama Administration did not do itself proud in this.” Byron York 
If Mitt Romney spent the same energy fighting Barack Obama as he does fighting Donald Trump, he could have won the race (maybe)! 
Anything the Russians did concerning the 2016 Election was done while Obama was President. He was told about it and did nothing! Most importantly, the vote was not affected.
Mark Morgan, President Obama’s Border Patrol Chief, gave the following message to me: “President Trump, stay the course.” I agree, and believe it or not, we are making great progress with a system that has been broken for many years!
Chinese Telecom Giant Huawei hires former Obama Cyber Security Official as a lobbyist. This is not good, or acceptable! Fox News Steve Hiltonx
 No law that kicks 180 million Americans off their plans is acceptable. While Democrats abandon Obamacare for more socialism…
President Obama’s top White House lawyer, Gregory B. Craig, was indicted yesterday on very serious charges. This is a really big story, but the Fake News New York Times didn’t even put it on page one, rather page 16. washingtonpost not much better, “tiny” page one. Corrupt News!
 Trump Job Approval Jumps to 53% - Seven Points Higher Than Obama 
I was never planning a vote prior to the 2020 Election on the wonderful Health Care package that some very talented people are now developing for me and the Republican Party. It will be on full display during the Election as a much better and less expensive alternative to Obama Care...
....are developing a really great Health Care Plan with far lower premiums (cost) and deductibles than Obama Care. In other words it will be far less expensive and much more usable than Obama Care. Vote will be taken right after the Election when Republicans hold the Senate and win......
Everybody agrees that Obama Care doesn’t work. Premiums and deductibles are far too high - Really bad Health Care! Even the Dems want to replace it, but with Medicare for all, which would cause 180 million Americans to lose their beloved private health insurance. The Republicans.....
The cost of Obama Care is far too high for our great citizens. The deductibles, in many cases way over $7000, make it almost worthless or unusable. Good things are going to happen! Sen Rick Scott  senatemajldr Sen John Barrasso  Sen Bill Cassidy
The Republican Party will become the Party of Great Health Care! Obama Care is a disaster, far too expensive and deductibility ridiculously high - virtually unusable! Moving forward in Courts and Legislatively!
 Let’s be clear, neither Mueller, Obama FBI, DOJ, CIA, Deep State, etc ever had good faith basis to pursue real Donald Trump o…
WSJ: Obama Admin Must Account for ‘Abuse of Surveillance Powers’  via Breitbart News
 “New evidence that the Obama era team of the FBI, DOJ and CIA were working together to Spy on (and take out) President T…
“New evidence that the Obama era team of the FBI, DOJ and CIA were working together to Spy on (and take out) President Trump, all the way back in 2015.” A transcript of Peter Strzok’s testimony is devastating. Hopefully the Mueller Report will be covering this. OANN foxandfriends
The just revealed FBI Agent Lisa Page transcripts make the Obama Justice Department look exactly like it was, a broken and corrupt machine. Hopefully, justice will finally be served. Much more to come!
“Jewish people are leaving the Democratic Party. We saw a lot of anti Israel policies start under the Obama Administration, and it got worsts and worse. There is anti-Semitism in the Democratic Party. They don’t care about Israel or the Jewish people.” Elizabeth Pipko, Jexodus.
The Democrats should stop talking about what I should do with North Korea and ask themselves instead why they didn’t do “it” during eight years of the Obama Administration?
“These guys, the investigators, ought to be in jail. What they have done, working with the Obama intelligence agencies, is simply unprecedented. This is one of the greatest political hoaxes ever perpetrated on the people of this Country, and Mueller is a coverup.”  Rush Limbaugh
We have a great economy DESPITE the Obama Administration and all of its job killing Regulations and Roadblocks. If that thinking prevailed in the 2016 Election, the U.S. would be in a Depression right now! We were heading down, and don’t let the Democrats sound bites fool you!
....The Dems and their committees are going “nuts.” The Republicans never did this to President Obama, there would be no time left to run government. I hear other committee heads will do the same thing. Even stealing people who work at White House! A continuation of Witch Hunt!
The Media is not giving us credit for the tremendous progress we have made with North Korea. Think of where we were at the end of the Obama Administration compared to now. Great meeting this week with top Reps. Looking forward to meeting with Chairman Kim at end of February!
 When are we going to start investigating the REAL collusion scandal? The collusion between the Clinton and Obama teams and fore…
 So...by the FBI's post-Trump standards for C.I. investigations, would this off-mike exchange between Obama and Putin's deput…
 No one accused Obama of being a Russian agent after he asked for “more flexibility” until after the the election, or whe…
I have been FAR tougher on Russia than Obama, Bush or Clinton. Maybe tougher than any other President. At the same time, and as I have often said, getting along with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. I fully expect that someday we will have good relations with Russia again!
President Obama, thank you for your great support – I have been saying this all along! 
“We simply cannot allow people to pour into the United States undetected, undocumented, unchecked...” Barrack Obama, 2005. I voted, when I was a Senator, to build a barrier to try to prevent illegal immigrants from coming in...” Hillary Clinton, 2015.
Many people currently a part of my opposition, including President Obama and the Dems, have had campaign violations, in some cases for very large sums of money. These are civil cases. They paid a fine and settled. While no big deal, I did not commit a campaign violation!
“General” Mc Chrystal got fired like a dog by Obama. Last assignment a total bust. Known for big, dumb mouth. Hillary lover! 
President and Mrs. Obama built/has a ten foot Wall around their D.C. mansion/compound. I agree, totally necessary for their safety and security. The U.S. needs the same thing, slightly larger version!
“It turns out to be true now, that the Department of Justice and the FBI, under President Obama, rigged the investigation for Hillary and really turned the screws on Trump, and now it looks like in a corrupt and illegal way. The facts are out now. Whole Hoax exposed. Jesse BWatters
For all of the sympathizers out there of Brett Mc Gurk remember, he was the Obama appointee who was responsible for loading up airplanes with 1.8 Billion Dollars in CASH and  sending it to Iran as part of the horrific Iran Nuclear Deal (now terminated) approved by Little Bob Corker.
When President Obama ingloriously fired Jim Mattis, I gave him a second chance. Some thought I shouldn’t, I thought I should. Interesting relationship-but I also gave all of the resources that he never really had. Allies are very important-but not when they take advantage of U.S.
Brett Mc Gurk, who I do not know, was appointed by President Obama in 2015. Was supposed to leave in February but he just resigned prior to leaving. Grandstander? The Fake News is making such a big deal about this nothing event!
“I’m proud of the President today to hear that he is declaring victory in Syria.” Senator Rand Paul.  “I couldn’t agree more with the presidents decision. By definition, this is the opposite of an Obama decision. Senator Mike Lee
The DEDUCTIBLE which comes with Obama Care is so high that it is practically not even useable! Hurts families badly. We have a chance, working with the Democrats, to deliver great Health Care! A confirming Supreme Court Decision will lead to GREAT Health Care results for Americans!
The Democrats policy of Child Seperation on the Border during the Obama Administration was far worse than the way we handle it now. Remember the 2014 picture of children in cages - the Obama years. However, if you don’t separate, FAR more people will come. Smugglers use the kids!
Wow, but not surprisingly, Obama Care was just ruled UNCONSTITUTIONAL by a highly respected judge in Texas. Great news for America!
As I predicted all along, Obamacare has been struck down as an UNCONSTITUTIONAL disaster! Now Congress must pass a STRONG law that provides GREAT healthcare and protects pre-existing conditions. Mitch and Nancy, get it done!
The Democrats and President Obama gave Iran 150 Billion Dollars and got nothing, but they can’t give 5 Billion Dollars for National Security and a Wall?
....which it was not (but even if it was, it is only a CIVIL CASE, like Obama’s - but it was done correctly by a lawyer and there would not even be a fine. Lawyer’s liability if he made a mistake, not me). Cohen just trying to get his sentence reduced. WITCH HUNT!
....children from parents, as did Bush etc., because that is the policy and law. I tried to keep them together but the problem is, when you do that, vast numbers of additional people storm the Border. So with Obama seperation is fine, but with Trump it’s not. Fake 60 Minutes!
.60Minutes did a phony story about child separation when they know we had the exact same policy as the Obama Administration. In fact a picture of children in jails was used by other Fake Media to show how bad (cruel) we are, but it was in 2014 during O years. Obama separated....
Sorry Chief Justice John Roberts, but you do indeed have “Obama judges,” and they have a much different point of view than the people who are charged with the safety of our country. It would be great if the 9th Circuit was indeed an “independent judiciary,” but if it is why......
....care how many lives the ruin. These are Angry People, including the highly conflicted Bob Mueller, who worked for Obama for 8 years. They won’t even look at all of the bad acts and crimes on the other side. A TOTAL WITCH HUNT LIKE NO OTHER IN AMERICAN HISTORY!
Landing in Montana now - at least everybody admits that my lines and crowds are far bigger than Barack Obama’s... 
I agree with President Obama 100%! 
Ever since his vicious and totally false statements about Admiral Ron Jackson, the highly respected White House Doctor for Obama, Bush and me, Senator John Tester looks to be in big trouble in the Great State of Montana! He behaved worse than the Democrat Mob did with Justice K!
“8X more new manufacturing jobs now than with Obama.” Fox News  cvpayne
“Op-Ed praises Trump Administrations efforts at the Border.” Fox News  The  Washington Examiner States, “Finally, the government has taken steps to stop releasing unaccompanied minors to criminals and traffickers.” This was done by the Obama Administration!
“We can’t secure the Border because of the Democrats historic level of Obstruction. The Presidents fed up with this. His agenda is working. The economy is growing at twice the rate it did under Obama. We’ve nominated and confirmed 68 Federal Judges, 26 Court of Appeals Judges....
“A lot of small and medium size enterprises are registering very good profit, sometimes record profits-there stocks are doing very well, low income workers are getting big raises. There are an awful lot of good things going on that weren’t during Pres. Obama’s Watch.” Peter Morici
Consumer Sentiment hit its highest level in 17 years this year. Sentiment fell 11% in 2015, an Obama year, and rose 16% since the Election, Trump Time!
Exclusive -- Donald Trump Jr. to Obama: My Dad Fixed the Economy You Could Not  via Breitbart News
When President Obama said that he has been to “57 States,” very little mention in Fake News Media. Can you imagine if I said that...story of the year! Ingraham Angle
 “President Trump would need a magic wand to get to 4% GDP,” stated President Obama. I guess I have a magic wand, 4.2%,…
“President Trump would need a magic wand to get to 4% GDP,” stated President Obama. I guess I have a magic wand, 4.2%, and we will do MUCH better than this! We have just begun.
“Barack Obama talked a lot about hope, but Donald Trump delivered the American Dream. All the economic indicators, what’s happening overseas, Donald Trump has proven to be far more successful than Barack Obama. President Trump is delivering the American Dream.” Jason Chaffetz
“Barrack Obama talked a lot about hope, but Donald Trump delivered the American Dream. All the economic indicators, what’s happening overseas, Donald Trump has proven to be far more successful than Barrack Obama. President Trump is delivering the American Dream.” Jason Chaffetz
 Watching Barack Obama take credit for real Donald Trump successes is disgraceful.  Score So Far-  TRUMP: -Unemployment Rate…
Two long running, Obama era, investigations of  two very popular Republican Congressmen were brought to a well publicized charge, just ahead of the Mid-Terms, by the Jeff Sessions Justice Department. Two easy wins now in doubt because there is not enough time. Good job Jeff......
 Federal workers endured 8 years of hell under Obama, with several rounds of pay freezes and benefit cuts.   real Donald…
“You have a Fake Dossier, gathered by Steele, paid by the Clinton team to get information on Trump. The Dossier is Fake, nothing in it has been verified. It then filters into our American court system in order to spy on Barrack Obama and Hillary Clinton’s political opponent......
.Rasmussen_Poll just came out at 48% approval rate despite the constant and intense Fake News. Higher than Election Day and higher than President Obama. Rasmussen was one of the most accurate Election Day polls!
“The Obama people did something that’s never been done...They spied on a rival presidential campaign. Would it be OK if Trump did it next? I am losing faith that our system is on the level. I’m beginning to think it is rotten and corrupt. Scary stuff Obama did.” Tucker Carlson  DOJ
“Mainstream Media tries to rewrite history to credit Obama for Trump accomplishments. Since President Trump took office, the economy is booming. The stronger the economy gets, the more desperate his critics are. O had weakest recovery since Great Depression.” Wash Times
Michael Cohen plead guilty to two counts of campaign finance violations that are not a crime. President Obama had a big campaign finance violation and it was easily settled!
Fake News, of which there is soooo much (this time the very tired New Yorker) falsely reported that I was going to take the extraordinary step of denying Intelligence Briefings to President Obama. Never discussed or thought of!
Presidential Approval numbers are very good - strong economy, military and just about everything else. Better numbers than Obama at this point, by far. We are winning on just about every front and for that reason there will not be a Blue Wave, but there might be a Red Wave!
..Because of Tariffs we will be able to start paying down large amounts of the $21 Trillion in debt that has been accumulated, much by the Obama Administration, while at the same time reducing taxes for our people. At minimum, we will make much better Trade Deals for our country!
....Also, why is Mueller only appointing Angry Dems, some of whom have worked for Crooked Hillary, others, including himself, have worked for Obama....And why isn’t Mueller looking at all of the criminal activity and real Russian Collusion on the Democrats side-Podesta, Dossier?
There is No Collusion! The Robert Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt, headed now by 17 (increased from 13, including an Obama White House lawyer) Angry Democrats, was started by a fraudulent Dossier, paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. Therefore, the Witch Hunt is an illegal Scam!
....and the DOJ, FBI and Obama Gang need to be held to account. Source 1 was the major source. Avoided talking about it being the Clinton campaign behind it. Misled the Court to provide a pretext to SPY on the Trump Team. Not about Carter Page..was all about getting Trump.....
So President Obama knew about Russia before the Election. Why didn’t he do something about it? Why didn’t he tell our campaign? Because it is all a big hoax, that’s why, and he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win!!!
The Rigged Witch Hunt, headed by the 13 Angry Democrats (and now 4 more have been added, one who worked directly for Obama W.H.), seems intent on damaging the Republican Party’s chances in the November Election. This Democrat excuse for losing the ‘16 Election never ends!
President Obama thought that Crooked Hillary was going to win the election, so when he was informed by the FBI about Russian Meddling, he said it couldn’t happen, was no big deal, and did NOTHING about it. When I won it became a big deal and the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by Strzok!
 The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Admini…
 These Russian individuals did their work during the Obama years. Why didn’t Obama do something about it?  Because he t…
These Russian individuals did their work during the Obama years. Why didn’t Obama do something about it?  Because he thought Crooked Hillary Clinton would win, that’s why. Had nothing to do with the Trump Administration, but Fake News doesn’t want to report the truth, as usual!
The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Administration. Why didn’t they do something about it, especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September, before the Election?
The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Administrations. Why didn’t they do something about it, especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September, before the Election?
A recent Emerson College e Poll said that most Americans, especially Hispanics, feel that they are better off under President Trump than they were under President Obama.
I am on Air Force One flying to NATO and hear reports that the FBI lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are getting cold feet on testifying about  the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by 13 Angry Democrats and people that worked for Obama for 8 years. Total disgrace!
Just out that the Obama Administration granted citizenship, during the terrible Iran Deal negotiation, to 2,500 Iranians - including to government officials. How big (and bad) is that?
“The most profound question of our era: Was there a conspiracy in the Obama Department of Justice and the FBI to prevent Donald Trump from becoming President of the U.S., and was Strzok at the core of the conspiracy?”  Judge Andrew Napolitano
Such a difference in the media coverage of the same immigration policies between the Obama Administration and ours. Actually, we have done a far better job in that our facilities are cleaner and better run than were the facilities under Obama. Fake News is working overtime!
Democrats, fix the laws. Don’t RESIST. We are doing a far better job than Bush and Obama, but we need strength and security at the Border! Cannot accept all of the people trying to break into our Country. Strong Borders, No Crime!
Drudge Report  “OBAMA KEPT THEM IN CAGES, WRAPPED THEM IN FOIL” We do a much better job while at the same time maintaining a MUCH stronger Border! Mainstream Fake Media hates this story.
We must maintain a Strong Southern Border. We cannot allow our Country to be overrun by illegal immigrants as the Democrats tell their phony stories of sadness and grief, hoping it will help them in the elections. Obama and others had the same pictures, and did nothing about it!
If President Obama (who got nowhere with North Korea and would have had to go to war with many millions of people being killed) had gotten along with North Korea and made the initial steps toward a deal that I have, the Fake News would have named him a national hero!
“Why in the world didn’t Barack Obama fire this guy (Comey)?” asks Mark Levin!
Before taking office people were assuming that we were going to War with North Korea. President Obama said that North Korea was our biggest and most dangerous problem. No longer - sleep well tonight!
Obama, Schumer and Pelosi did NOTHING about North Korea, and now weak on Crime, High Tax Schumer is telling me what to do at the Summit the Dems could never set up. Schumer failed with North Korea and Iran, we don’t need his advice!
The Obama Administration is now accused of trying to give Iran secret access to the financial system of the United States. This is totally illegal. Perhaps we could get the 13 Angry Democrats to divert some of their energy to this “matter” (as Comey would call it). Investigate!
Sorry, I’ve got to start focusing my energy on North Korea Nuclear, bad Trade Deals, VA Choice, the Economy, rebuilding the Military, and so much more, and not on the Rigged Russia Witch Hunt that should be investigating Clinton/Russia/FBI/Justice/Obama/Comey/Lynch etc.
The 13 Angry Democrats (plus people who worked 8 years for Obama) working on the rigged Russia Witch Hunt, will be MEDDLING with the mid-term elections, especially now that Republicans (stay tough!) are taking the lead in Polls. There was no Collusion, except by the Democrats!
Democrats mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from Obama’s term showing children from the Border in steel cages. They thought it was recent pictures in order to make us look bad, but backfires. Dems must agree to Wall and new Border Protection for good of country...Bipartisan Bill!
“We now find out that the Obama Administration put the opposing campaigns presidential candidate, or his campaign, under investigation. That raises legitimate questions. I just find this really odd...this goes to the heart of our electoral system.” Jonathan Turley on Fox News
Why didn’t President Obama do something about the so-called Russian Meddling when he was told about it by the FBI before the Election? Because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win, and he didn’t want to upset the apple cart! He was in charge, not me, and did nothing.
This whole Russia Probe is Rigged. Just an excuse as to why the Dems and Crooked Hillary lost the Election and States that haven’t been lost in decades. 13 Angry Democrats, and all Dems if you include the people who worked for Obama for 8 years. SPYGATE and CONFLICTS OF INTEREST!
Senator Schumer and Obama Administration let phone company ZTE flourish with no security checks. I closed it down then let it reopen with high level security guarantees, change of management and board, must purchase U.S. parts and pay a $1.3 Billion fine. Dems do nothing....
Funny to watch the Democrats criticize Trade Deals being negotiated by me when they don’t even know what the deals are and when for 8 years the Obama Administration did NOTHING on trade except let other countries rip off the United States. Lost almost $800 Billion/year under “O”
foxandfriends  “New Bombshell in the Obama Spying Scandal. Did other Agencies SPY on Trump Campaign?” Even Clapper, worlds dumbest former Intelligence Head, who has the problem of lying a lot, used the word SPY when describing the illegal activities!
The Wall Street Journal asks, “WHERE IN THE WORLD WAS BARACK OBAMA?”  A very good question!
I ask Senator Chuck Schumer, why didn’t President Obama and the Democrats do something about Trade with China, including Theft of Intellectual Property etc.? They did NOTHING! With that being said, Chuck and I have long agreed on this issue! Fair Trade, plus, with China will happen!
I hereby demand, and will do so officially tomorrow, that the Department of Justice look into whether or not the FBI/DOJ infiltrated or surveilled the Trump Campaign for Political Purposes - and if any such demands or requests were made by people within the Obama Administration!
....At what point does this soon to be $20,000,000 Witch Hunt, composed of 13 Angry and Heavily Conflicted Democrats and two people who have worked for Obama for 8 years, STOP! They have found no Collussion with Russia, No Obstruction, but they aren’t looking at the corruption...
Wow, word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI “SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN EMBEDDED INFORMANT.” Andrew Mc Carthy says, “There’s probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign.” If so, this is bigger than Watergate!
Wow, word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI “SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN IMBEDDED INFORMANT.” Andrew Mc Carthy says, “There’s probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign.” If so, this is bigger than Watergate!
Iran’s Military Budget is up more than 40% since the Obama negotiated Nuclear Deal was reached...just another indicator that it was all a big lie. But not anymore!
Senator Cryin’ Chuck Schumer fought hard against the Bad Iran Deal, even going at it with President Obama, and then Voted AGAINST it! Now he says I should not have terminated the deal - but he doesn’t really believe that! Same with Comey. Thought he was terrible until I fired him!
Just hit 50% in the Rasmussen Poll, much higher than President Obama at same point. With all of the phony stories and Fake News, it’s hard to believe! Thank you America, we are doing Great Things.
Would only join TPP if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to Pres. Obama. We already have BILATERAL deals with six of the eleven nations in TPP, and are working to make a deal with the biggest of those  nations, Japan, who has hit us hard on trade for years!
Much of the bad blood with Russia is caused by the Fake and Corrupt Russia Investigation, headed up by the all Democrat loyalists, or people that worked for Obama. Mueller is most conflicted of all (except Rosenstein who signed FISA and Comey letter). No Collusion, so they go crazy!
If President Obama had crossed his stated Red Line In The Sand, the Syrian disaster would have ended long ago! Animal Assad would have been history!
Our Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico and Canada are very strong. Congress must change these Obama era, and other, laws NOW! The Democrats stand in our way - they want people to pour into our country unchecked....CRIME! We will be taking strong action today.
Thank you to Rasmussen for the honest polling. Just hit 50%, which is higher than Cheatin’ Obama at the same time in his Administration.
“President Trump's approval rate among likely U.S. voters hit 50 percent on Monday, which puts him higher than former President Barack Obama's score at the same point into his first term, according to a new poll.” Via: Anna_Giaritelli DCExaminer 
As ridiculous as it sounds, the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our Southern Border back where they came from. A whole big wasted procedure must take place. Mexico and Canada have tough immigration laws, whereas ours are an Obama joke. ACT CONGRESS
Obama Administration legalized bump stocks. BAD IDEA. As I promised, today the Department of Justice will issue the rule banning BUMP STOCKS with a mandated comment period. We will BAN all devices that turn legal weapons into illegal machine guns.
House Intelligence Committee votes to release final report. FINDINGS: (1) No evidence provided of Collusion between Trump Campaign and Russia. (2)  The Obama Administrations Post election response was insufficient. (3) Clapper provided inconsistent testimony on media contacts.
.....They can help solve problems with North Korea, Syria, Ukraine, ISIS, Iran and even the coming Arms Race. Bush tried to get along, but didn’t have the “smarts.” Obama and Clinton tried, but didn’t have the energy or chemistry (remember RESET). PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH!
I called President Putin of Russia to congratulate him on his election victory (in past, Obama called him also). The Fake News Media is crazed because they wanted me to excoriate him. They are wrong! Getting along with Russia (and others) is a good thing, not a bad thing.......
Rasmussen and others have my approval ratings at around 50%, which is higher than Obama, and yet the political pundits love saying my approval ratings are “somewhat low.” They know they are lying when they say it. Turn off the show - FAKE NEWS!
Federal Judge in Maryland has just ruled that “President Trump has the right to end DACA.” President Obama had 8 years to fix this problem, and didn’t. I am waiting for the Dems, they are running for the hills!
Why did the Obama Administration start an investigation into the Trump Campaign (with zero proof of wrongdoing) long before the Election in November? Wanted to discredit so Crooked H would win. Unprecedented. Bigger than Watergate! Plus, Obama did NOTHING about Russian meddling.
Why is A.G. Jeff Sessions asking the Inspector General to investigate potentially massive FISA abuse. Will take forever, has no prosecutorial power and already late with reports on Comey etc. Isn’t the I.G. an Obama guy? Why not use Justice Department lawyers? DISGRACEFUL!
“Russians had no compromising information on Donald Trump” Fox News  Of course not, because there is none, and never was. This whole Witch Hunt is an illegal disgrace...and Obama did nothing about Russia!
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? Why didn’t Obama do something about the meddling? Why aren’t Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Sessions!
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? Why didn’t Obama do something about the meddling? Why aren’t Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Session!
I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama, just look at the facts. Total Fake News!
Matt Schlapp and CPAC are getting ready for another exciting event. Big difference from those days when President Obama held the White House. You’ve come a long way Matt!
....The President Obama quote just before election. That’s because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and he didn’t want to “rock the boat.” When I easily won the Electoral College, the whole game changed and the Russian excuse became the narrative of the Dems.
Thank you to foxandfriends for the great timeline on all of the failures the Obama Administration had against Russia, including Crimea, Syria and so much more. We are now starting to win again!
Obama was President up to, and beyond, the 2016 Election. So why didn’t he do something about Russian meddling?
Now that Adam Schiff is starting to blame President Obama for Russian meddling in the election, he is probably doing so as yet another excuse that the Democrats, lead by their fearless leader, Crooked Hillary Clinton, lost the 2016 election. But wasn’t I a great candidate?
Finally, Liddle’ Adam Schiff, the leakin’ monster of no control, is now blaming the Obama Administration for Russian meddling in the 2016 Election. He is finally right about something. Obama was President, knew of the threat, and did nothing. Thank you Adam!
Never gotten over the fact that Obama was able to send $1.7 Billion Dollars in CASH to Iran and nobody in Congress, the FBI or Justice called for an investigation!
Just like they don’t want to solve the DACA problem, why didn’t the Democrats pass gun control legislation when they had both the House and Senate during the Obama Administration. Because they didn’t want to, and now they just talk!
“My view is that not only has Trump been vindicated in the last several weeks about the mishandling of the Dossier and the lies about the Clinton/DNC Dossier, it shows that he’s been victimized. He’s been victimized by the Obama Administration who were using all sorts of.......
“You had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to GPS Fusion to create a Dossier which was used by their allies in the Obama Administration to convince a Court misleadingly, by all accounts, to spy on the Trump Team.” Tom Fitton, JW
...big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible” (among many other things). “President Trump reversed the policies of President Obama, and reversed our economic decline.” Thank you Stuart Varney.  foxandfriends
Reason I canceled my trip to London is that I am not a big fan of the Obama Administration having sold perhaps the best located and finest embassy in London for “peanuts,” only to build a new one in an off location for 1.2 billion dollars. Bad deal. Wanted me to cut ribbon-NO!
...Clinton in the WH, doubling down on Barack Obama’s failed policies, washes away any doubts that America made the right choice. This was truly a change election — and the changes Trump is bringing are far-reaching and necessary.” Thank you Michael Goodwin! 
The people of Iran are finally acting against the brutal and corrupt Iranian regime. All of the money that President Obama so foolishly gave them went into terrorism and into their “pockets.” The people have little food, big inflation and no human rights. The U.S. is watching!
Iran is failing at every level despite the terrible deal made with them by the Obama Administration. The great Iranian people have been repressed for many years. They are hungry for food and for freedom. Along with human rights, the wealth of Iran is being looted. TIME FOR CHANGE!
On Taxes: “This is the biggest corporate rate cut ever, going back to the corporate income tax rate of roughly 80 years ago.This is a huge pro-growth stimulus for the economy. Every year the Obama WH overstated how the economy would grow. Now real economics and jobs.” WSJ Report
 ISIS getting slaughtered:   Square miles liberated from ISIS Trump: 26,000 --  Obama: 13,200  Total Square miles held by…
While the Fake News loves to talk about my so-called low approval rating, foxandfriends just showed that my rating on Dec. 28, 2017, was approximately the same as President Obama on Dec. 28, 2009, which was 47%...and this despite massive negative Trump coverage and Russia hoax!
Based on the fact that the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate has been terminated as part of our Tax Cut Bill, which essentially Repeals (over time) Obama Care, the Democrats and Republicans will eventually come together and develop a great new Health Care plan!
Remember, the most hated part of Obama Care is the Individual Mandate, which is being terminated under our just signed Tax Cut Bill.
The United States Senate just passed the biggest in history Tax Cut and Reform Bill. Terrible Individual Mandate (Obama Care)Repealed. Goes to the House tomorrow morning for final vote. If approved, there will be a News Conference at The White House at approximately 1:00 P.M.
The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border, always committing crimes and being violent, and yet this info was not used in court. His exoneration is a complete travesty of justice. BUILD THE WALL!
Funny to hear the Democrats talking about the National Debt when President Obama doubled it in only 8 years!
Obama Care premiums are going up, up, up, just as I have been predicting for two years. Obama Care is OWNED by the Democrats, and it is a disaster. But do not worry. Even though the Dems want to Obstruct, we will Repeal and Replace right after Tax Cuts!
Does the Fake News Media remember when Crooked Hillary Clinton, as Secretary of State, was begging Russia to be our friend with the misspelled reset button? Obama tried also, but he had zero chemistry with Putin.
Wouldn't it be great to Repeal the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate in Obama Care and use those savings for further Tax Cuts.....
Report out that Obama Campaign paid $972,000 to Fusion GPS. The firm also got $12,400,000 (really?) from DNC. Nobody knows who OK'd!
As usual, the Obama Care premiums will be up (the Dems own it), but we will Repeal and Replace and have great Healthcare soon after Tax Cuts!
 804Street Media real Donald Trump He’s done more in 9 months then obama did in8 yrs
Uranium deal to Russia, with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge, is the biggest story that Fake Media doesn't want to follow!
Any increase in Obama Care premiums is the fault of the Democrats for giving us a "product" that never had a chance of working.
Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran deal made by President Obama, but now that I am involved, he is OK with it. Tell that to Israel, Chuck!
Health Insurance stocks, which have gone through the roof during the Obama Care years, plunged yesterday after I ended their Dems windfall!
Obama Care is causing such grief and tragedy for so many. It is being dismantled but in the meantime, premiums and deductibles are way up!
Money pouring into Insurance Companies profits, under the guise of Obama Care, is over. They have made a fortune. Dems must get smart and deal!
Obama Care is a broken mess. Piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving America the great Health Care it deserves!
The Democrats Obama Care is imploding. Massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped. Dems should call me to fix!
I called Chuck Schumer yesterday to see if the Dems want to do a great Health Care Bill. Obama Care is badly broken, big premiums. Who knows!
Being nice to Rocket Man hasn't worked in 25 years, why would it work now? Clinton failed, Bush failed, and Obama failed. I won't fail.
Alaska had a 200% plus increase in premiums under Obama Care, worst in the country. Deductibles high, people angry! Lisa M comes through.
Arizona had a 116% increase in Obama Care premiums last year, with deductibles very high. Chuck Schumer sold John Mc Cain a bill of goods. Sad
Rand Paul, or whoever votes against Hcare Bill, will forever (future political campaigns) be known as "the Republican who saved Obama Care."
 Went to the Senate today to say POTUS and I fully support Graham-Cassidy plan to repeal/replace Obamacare. Let's get this done. http…
I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal and Replace Obama Care. Money direct to States!
 real Donald Trump It is the height of hypocrisy. Obama and Clinton in effect gave nuclear weapons to North Korea by thei…
We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years.Must be proactive and nasty!
Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the Obama Administration was unable to do). If they can't, I will revisit this issue!
foxandfriends According to report just out, President Obama knew about Russian interference 3 years ago but he didn't want to anger Russia!
 .Alan Dersh: Trump Has 'More Credibility' Than Obama With North Korea  
 Who is a better President of the United States? Obama Day
Can you believe that Mitch Mc Connell, who has screamed Repeal and Replace for 7 years, couldn't get it done. Must Repeal and Replace Obama Care!
 "POTUS being unpredictable is a big asset, North Korea knew exactly what President Obama was going to do."- jessebwatters
 Our country and civilians are vulnerable today because Barack Obama did not believe in national missile defense. Let’s nev…
 Anthem announces it will withdraw from Obama Care Exchange in Nevada 
 Insurers seeking huge premium hikes on Obama Care plans 
If Obama Care is hurting people, and it is, why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies and why should Congress not be paying what public pays?
After seven years of "talking" Repeal and Replace, the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding Obama Care!
3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning, let Obama Care implode, then deal. Watch!
Obama Care is torturing the American People.The Democrats have fooled the people long enough. Repeal or Repeal and Replace! I have pen in hand.
If Republicans don't Repeal and Replace the disastrous Obama Care, the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand!
Obama Care is dead and the Democrats are obstructionists, no ideas or votes, only obstruction. It is solely up to the 52 Republican Senators!
As I have always said, let Obama Care fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan. Stay tuned!
Republicans should just REPEAL failing Obama Care now and work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate. Dems will join in!
Next week the Senate is going to vote on legislation to save Americans from the Obama Care DISASTER. Weekly Address🇺🇸 
After all of these years of suffering thru Obama Care, Republican Senators must come through as they have promised!
Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed Obama Care replacement approved. I will be at my desk, pen in hand!
 SEN. CRUZ: It's crazy to go an August recess without having Obamacare repealed. We should work every day until it is don…
 Only now with a Real President do we see the scope of destruction engineered by Obama and the Democrat cabal.  real D…
For years, even as a "civilian," I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of Obama Care. Now they finally have their chance!
...have it. Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 (had to apologize). Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had info before election?
 real Donald Trump When Obama was President, the MSM LOVED talking about stock market rallies! Now they barely mention new a…
With ZERO Democrats to help, and a failed, expensive and dangerous Obama Care as the Dems legacy, the Republican Senators are working hard!
From Fox News "Bombshell: In 2016, Obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an American election."  Check out his statement - Witch Hunt!
 FACT: when Obamacare was signed, CBO estimated that 23M would be covered in 2017. They were off by 100%. Only 10.3M people…
 Obamacare has led to higher costs and fewer health insurance options for millions of Americans. It has failed the American…
The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling. With 4 months looking at Russia...
The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win..
The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS, they have no policies or ideas. All they do is delay and complain.They own Obama Care!
I cannot imagine that these very fine Republican Senators would allow the American people to suffer a broken Obama Care any longer!
Obama Administration official said they "choked" when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election. They didn't want to hurt Hillary?
Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling, why no action? Focus on them, not T!
Democrats slam GOP healthcare proposal as Obamacare premiums and deductibles increase by over 100%. Remember keep your doctor, keep your plan?
Just out: The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia. Did nothing about it. WHY?
I am very supportive of the Senate Healthcare Bill. Look forward to making it really special! Remember, Obama Care is dead.
By the way, if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election, it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didn't they stop them?
Big day tomorrow in Georgia and South Carolina. Obama Care is dead. Dems want to raise taxes big! They can only obstruct, no ideas. Vote "R"
The Dems want to stop tax cuts, good healthcare and Border Security.Their Obama Care is dead with 100% increases in P's. Vote now for Karen H
 Not surprising at all!  Father Of Otto Warmbier: Obama Admin Told Us To Keep Quiet, Trump Admin Brought Him Home  https…
2 million more people just dropped out of Obama Care. It is in a death spiral. Obstructionist Democrats gave up, have no answer = resist!
The Democrats have no message,  not on economics, not on taxes,  not on jobs, not on failing Obamacare. They are only OBSTRUCTIONISTS!
Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati, in the GREAT STATE of OHIO, to meet with Obama Care victims and talk Healthcare and also Infrastructure!
The big story is the "unmasking and surveillance" of people that took place during the Obama Administration.
I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere. Obama Care is dead - the Republicans will do much better!
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign and Obama Administration, there was never a special counsel appointed!
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign and Obama Administration, there was never a special councel appointed!
General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that.
Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that's sold in U.S.
Republican Senators will not let the American people down! Obama Care premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead!
Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. Obama Care is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great.
It was a GREAT day for the United States of America! This is a great plan that is a repeal and replace of Obama Care.… 
Insurance companies are fleeing Obama Care - it is dead. Our healthcare plan will lower premiums and deductibles - and be great healthcare!
I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the "you can keep you doctor, you can keep your plan and premiums will go down" Obama Care lie."
Death spiral! 'Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018, citing expected losses on INDV plans this year' 
Susan Rice, the former National Security Advisor to President Obama, is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on.....
You can't compare anything to Obama Care because Obama Care is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors....New
 Former President Obama's $400K Wall Street speech stuns liberal base; Sen. Warren saying she "was troubled by that" http…
Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous Obama Care, and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars. Sad!
If our healthcare plan is approved, you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. Obama Care is in a death spiral!
Obama Care is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought.
The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast!
Talks on Repealing and Replacing Obama Care are, and have been, going on, and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck.
Anybody (especially  Fake News media) who thinks that Repeal and Replace of Obama Care is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party!
The failing nytimes finally gets it - "In places where no insurance company offers plans, there will be no way for Obama Care customers to..
When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and NBCNews start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump/Russia story?
Where are Rep Mark Meadows, Jim_Jordan and Raul_Labrador? Repeal ANDReplace Obamacare
Great op-ed from Rep Ken Buck. Looks like some in the Freedom Caucus are helping me end Obamacare. 
The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as Obama Care folds - not long. Do not worry, we are in very  good shape!
Obama Care will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry!
After seven horrible years of Obama Care (skyrocketing premiums and deductibles, bad healthcare), this is finally your chance for a great plan!
We are taking action to Repeal ANDReplace Obamacare! Contact your Rep and tell them you support AHCA. Pass The Bill… 
 EXACTLY AS I SAID - House Intel Chair: We Cannot Rule Out Sr. Obama Officials Were Involved in Trump Surveillance https://…
Can you imagine what the outcry would be if Snoop Dogg, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!
Obama Care is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by far! Republicans will come together and save the day.
We are making great progress with healthcare. Obama Care is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done!
I feel sure that my friend Rand Paul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster!
For eight years Russia "ran over" President Obama, got stronger and stronger, picked-off Crimea and added missiles. Weak! foxandfriends
Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation. Obama Care is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast!
122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision!
How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!
I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!
Just out: The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times, and 4 times last year alone.
Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my "wires tapped" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is Mc Carthyism!
The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs......
The media has not reported that the National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in Obama first mo.
Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr. Tom Price, the repeal and replacement of Obama Care is moving fast!
'Trump signs bill undoing Obama coal mining rule' 
Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' Repeal And Replace  
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?
Obamacare continues to fail. Humana to pull out in 2018. Will repeal, replace and save healthcare for ALL Americans.  
I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, 1 in terror, no problem!
I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, 1in terror, no problem!
Iran is playing with fire - they don't appreciate how "kind" President Obama was to them. Not me!
Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal!
The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G.
Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning, who should never have been released from prison, is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible!
The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation, that number..
Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to Repeal Obamacare- now it's onto the House!
How did NBC get "an exclusive look into the top secret report he (Obama) was presented?" Who gave them this report and why? Politics!
...do the typical political thing and BLAME. The fact is Obama Care was a lie from the beginning."Keep you doctor, keep your plan!" It is....
The Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer, know how bad Obama Care is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix it, they..
massive increases of Obama Care will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful!
Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed Obama Care disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases......
The Democrat Governor.of Minnesota said "The Affordable Care Act (Obama Care) is no longer affordable!" - And, it is lousy healthcare.
People must remember that Obama Care just doesn't work, and it is not affordable - 116% increases (Arizona). Bill Clinton called it "CRAZY"
President Obama campaigned hard (and personally) in the very important swing states, and lost.The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY! - jobs leaving, ISIS, OCare, etc.
A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!
Hey Missouri let's defeat Crooked Hillary and koster4missouri! Koster supports Obamacare and amnesty! Vote outsider Navy SEAL Eric Greitens!
Thank you Ohio! VOTE so we can replace Obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the United States! Watch:… 
If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary, we would all be much better off!
"The Clinton Campaign at Obama Justice" Drain The Swamp 
Looking at Air Force One  MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs and fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people!
Obama Care is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesn't work, I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!
I am going to repeal and replace Obama Care. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary, costs will triple!
Trump promises special session to repeal Obamacare: 
Obamacare Fail Hillarycare Fail 
Obamacare Fail 
Heading to New Hampshire. Will be talking about the disaster known as Obama Care!
"Keith Rowland: People in Arizona just got a taste of Obamacare with a 116% increase in premiums. real Donald Trump" Repeal and replace!
Obamacare is a disaster. We must REPEAL and REPLACE. Tired of the lies, and want to Drain The Swamp? Get out and VOTE… 
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!
REPEAL AND REPLACE!!!  Obama Care In Three Words
'Obama Warned Of Rigged Elections In 2008.' Time to Drain The Swamp  
Obamacare is a disaster. Rates going through the sky - ready to explode. I will fix it. Hillary can't! Obamacare Failed
Obamacare is a disaster - as I've been saying from the beginning. Time to repeal and replace!  Obamacare Fail 
Obamacare Fail 
Obamacare is a disaster! Time to repeal and replace! Obamacare Fail  
Obamacare Fail 
Obamacare Fail 
Key Obamacare premiums to jump 25% next year: 
Obamacare premiums are about to SKYROCKET --- again. Crooked H will only make it worse. We will repeal and replace! 
"If you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the White House" A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary Clinton
Donna Brazile Shreds Obama Economy - Acting DNC chair says 'people are more in despair about how things are' 
Hillary and Obama's Broken Promises.  Repeal Obamacare 
In addition to those without health coverage- those that have disastrous Obamacare are seeing MASSIVE PREMIUM INCR… 
When Obama took office in 2009 employer-provided premiums cost $13,375. Today they are $18,142. Thanks, Obama.
We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama and that’s what you’ll get if you vote for Hillary. Big League Truth
We have to repeal and replace Obamacare! Look at what is doing to people! Drain The Swamp 
Crooked Hillary gives Obama an “A” for an economic recovery that’s the slowest since WWII... Big League Truth… 
'Over 250,000 to Lose Health Insurance in Battleground North Carolina Due to Obamacare' 
Obamacare premiums increasing 33% in Pennsylvania - a complete disaster. It must be repealed and replaced!… 
I will sign the first bill to repeal Obamacare and give Americans many choices and much lower rates!
We have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama (or worse!).
We've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama! 
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored.
This country cannot take four more years of Barack Obama! Debate
We agree POTUS-  "SHE'LL (Hillary Clinton) SAY ANYTHING and CHANGE NOTHING. IT'S TIME TO TURN THE PAGE" -President Obama
 We agree with Bill, Obama Care is “the craziest thing in the world.” Big League Truth Debates2016 
.Hillary Clinton : Bill “clarified” what he meant when calling Obamacare a “disaster.” Actually “disaster” is pretty clear. Debate
We must repeal Obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive, comprehensive, affordable system. debate MAGA
Obama and Clinton told the same lie to sell Obama Care. Debates2016 
Bill Clinton is right: Obamacare is 'crazy', 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'.  Thanks Bill for telling the truth.
 Obama-Clinton FAILED foreign policy: -Bad nuclear deal -Ransom payment to leading state sponsor of terror -Sharing classifie…
Sanctions Relief From Clinton-Obama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to Terrorists:  Big League Truth VPDebate
 Pence is right. Clinton and Obama tried to negotiate an Iraq troop extension but failed. Bush admin always anticipated such an…
Wow, did you just hear Bill Clinton's statement on how bad Obama Care is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE!
.Hillary Clinton - Obama ISIS Strategy Has Allowed It To Expand To Become A Global Threat Debate Night 
.Hillary Clinton's 2008 Campaign And Supporters Trafficked In Rumors About Obama's Heritage Debate Night  
.Hillary Clinton and Obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 years
Under the leadership of Obama and Clinton, Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!
 more media polls showing real Donald Trump ahead in states Pres Obama won twice. 
Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses, including Obama.
Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?
Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?
 RT if you agree: We need a President who is fighting for all Americans, not one who writes off nearly half the country.
China wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama "the son of a whore." Terrible!
Can you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac! 
President Obama and Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!
We will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as Obamacare! 
President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late!
We will repeal and replace Obamacare, which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases. It is a disaster! 
Another health insurer is pulling back due to 'persistent financial losses on Obamacare plans.' Only the beginning! 
Ratings challenged CNN reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) "the founder" of ISIS, and MVP. THEY DON'T GET SARCASM?
President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding.  I won't dodge questions as your President. 
Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, rise of Iran, and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.
President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!
STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMA'S FAILED LEADERSHIP: 
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!
Crooked Hillary = Obama's third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below. 
"patrioticpepe: real Donald Trump ONLY TRUMP CAN UNITE AMERICA AND FIX OBAMA'S MISTAKES!!! Trump2016 "
Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.
 Obama Refers to Himself 119 Times During Hillary Nominating Speech... 
President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesn’t exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. DNC
Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama, and Crooked Hillary would be even worse. MAGA
Wow, President Obama's brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!
President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse!
As the days and weeks go by,  we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!
President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?
With Hillary and Obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools, won't even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who called BREXIT 100% wrong (along with Obama), is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call.
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster
I want all Americans to succeed together. President Obama's illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for...
Obama and Clinton should stop meeting with special interests, and start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration.
ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama."  --  Donald J. Trump
Obama-Clinton inherited $10T in debt and turned it into nearly $20T.  They have bankrupted… 
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando
I am no fan of President Obama, but to show you how dishonest the phony Washington Post is: 
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace!
I rarely agree with President Obama- however he is 100% correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great ad! 
Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obama—but nobody else does!
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs, the economy, trade, healthcare, the military, guns and just about all else. Obama plus!
A massive blow to Obama's message - only 38,000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. That's REALLY bad!
A 60% increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through Obama Care. I told you so, there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case, Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego), who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump
Obama says a WALL at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H.
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost. MDW
Obama administration fails to screen Syrian refugees' social media accounts: 
Obama’s VA Secretary just said we shouldn't measure wait times. Hillary says VA problems are not ‘widespread.’ I will take care of our vets!
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!
"In politics, and in life, ignorance is not a virtue." This is a primary reason that President Obama is the worst president in U.S. history!
Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately and get home to Washington- where a POTUS, under a serious emergency belongs!
Obama, and all others, have been so weak, and so politically correct, that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame.
President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba, especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly!
Wow, President Obama just landed in Cuba, a big deal, and Raul Castro wasn't even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!
I will bring our jobs back to America, fix our military and take care of our vets, end Common Core and Obama Care, protect 2nd A, build WALL
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT, who could not stop Obama (twice), ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of  $'s in false ads!
Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2)
I am going to repeal and replace Obama Care! Read more about my positions on healthcare reform here: 
Little Marco Rubio treated America's ICE officers "like absolute trash" in order to pass Obama's amnesty. 
"conservativevin:  ahernandez85a Romney should have been a tough guy with Obama. He cowered and lost. BADLY! He's not relevant!"
I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go!
Remember, Cruz and Bush gave us Roberts who upheld Obama Care twice! I am the only one who will MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!
I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper and have been consistent- I will repeal all of Obama Care, including the mandate, period.
Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I "would never be president" - This from perhaps the worst president in U.S. history!
Ted Cruz, along with Jeb Bush, pushed Justice John Roberts onto the Supreme Court. Roberts could have killed Obama Care twice, but didn't!
Lying Cruz put out a statement, “Trump and Rubio are w/Obama on gay marriage." Cruz is the worst liar, crazy or very dishonest. Perhaps all 3?
We will immediately repeal and replace Obama Care - and nobody can do that like me. We will save $'s and have much better healthcare!
"ericnlin: AC360 Donald Trump: no raise in 8 years, home not worth what I paid for it, healthcare is a joke Obama is a liar.  TRUMP 2016"
Cruz just lied again- I am, and have been totally against Obama Care- repeal and replace!
And finally, Cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers (voters) that Trump was strongly in favor of Obama Care and "choice" - a total lie!
Wow, just saw an ad - Cruz is lying on so many levels. There is nobody more against Obama Care than me, will repeal and replace. He lies!
Obama's deal vs. Trump's deals- 
"Rketeltas: Rubio isn't experienced enough to be Commander in Chief. Rubio is a carbon copy of Obama. We need a true leader Vote Trump"
The dying NRO National Review has totally given up the fight against Barrack Obama. They have been losing for years. I will beat Hillary!
Just a reminder that Ted Cruz supported liberal Justice John Roberts who gave us Obamacare. 
.oreillyfactor please explain to the very dumb and failing glennbeck that I supported John Mc Cain big league in 2008, not Obama!
Iran, with all of the money and all else given to them by Obama, has wanted a way to take over Saudi Arabia and their oil. THEY JUST FOUND IT!
"Granite_Hope: brandonstinney How can you deny this fact.Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama are the two people who made ISIS a big problem"
Remember that Bill Clinton was brought in to help Hillary against Obama in 2008. He was terrible, failed badly, and was called a racist!
"greta: If the insurance companies are making lots of money and the  of uninsured is still large,Obamacare is a failure since so expensive
Does everyone see that the Democrats and President Obama are now, because of me, starting to deport people who are here illegally. Politics!
When I said that Hillary Clinton got schlonged by Obama, it meant got beaten badly. The media knows this. Often used word in politics!
President Obama spends so much time speaking of the so-called Carbon footprint, and yet he flies all the way to Hawaii on a massive old 747.
Obama said in his speech that Muslims are our sports heroes. What sport is he talking about, and who? Is Obama profiling?
Well, Obama refused to say (he just can't say it), that we are at WAR with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS.
Wish Obama would say ISIS, like almost everyone else, rather than ISIL.
BIG NIGHT ON TWITTER TONIGHT. I WILL BE LIVE TWEETING PRESIDENT OBAMA'S SPEECH AT 7:50 P.M. ( EASTERN). MUST TALK RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM!
I will be live-tweeting President Obama's prime-time speech tonight starting at 7:50 P.M. (Eastern).Will he finally state the real problems?
Hillary just said that she will not use the term "radical Islamic" - but was incapable of saying why. She is afraid of  Obama and the e-mails!
"JSears68: Poll numbers will go up even more for real Donald Trump after Obama's 'address'
Wonder if Obama will ever say RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORIST?
What is Obama thinking? 
Going to Ohio, home of one of the worst presidential candidates in history--Kasich. Can't debate, loves Obama Care--dummy!
"MJP1370: real Donald Trump The Fix pbump We need Trump now! Obama isn't protecting Americans !!"
John Kasich fell right into President Obama’s trap on Obama Care, and the people of Ohio are suffering for it. Shame!
I told you! Premiums are soaring! Repeal Obamacare Trump2016  
"Ashevillelaura: real Donald Trump seanhannity Fox News Obama has no credibility on terrorist threats and ISIS. Trump best to protect us"
I, along with almost everyone else, have so little confidence in President Obama. He has a horrible attitude-a man who is resigned to defeat
President Obama just told President Putin how important the Russian air strikes against ISIS have been. I TOLD YOU SO!
When will President Obama issue the words RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM? He  can't say it, and unless he will,  the problem will not be solved!
Why won't President Obama use the term Islamic Terrorism? Isn't it now, after all of this time and so much death, about time!
President Obama said "ISIL continues to shrink" in an interview just hours before the horrible attack in Paris. He is just so bad! CHANGE.
Marco Rubio couldn't even respond properly to President Obama's State of the Union Speech without pouring sweat and chugging water. He choked!
"Watchman4the1: Chuck Schumer: Sen Marco Rubio Is “Totally Committed To Obama’s Immigration Agenda”  Donald Trump
So sad that Obama rejected Keystone Pipeline. Thousands of jobs, good for the environment, no downside!
"Judge Moroz: Republicans in Congress can learn a lot from real Donald Trump on dealing with Obama! They should read Crippled America!"
Marco Rubio would keep Barack Obama’s executive order on amnesty intact. See article. Cannot be President.        
"Truth_or_Rumor: real Donald Trump It's not so much that Iran made a good deal, it's that Kerry and Obama gave away the store."  O.K.!
"Anonymou Syndica: Donald Trump: I Think Obama ‘Hates Israel’ "
"giatny:  Rubio an orator/liar like Obama but totally unqualified. Rubio visa bill did NOT protect American workers. See Disney."
"The CRwire: Mitt Romney finally takes the credit he deserves… for Obamacare  . "
.Mitt Romney  can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because I have been openly hard on his terrible "choke" loss to Obama!
"Obama Tax: After hillaryclinton poor performance, waffling in debates, Teamsters14 should support real Donald Trump"
Notice that illegal immigrants will be given Obama Care and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our VETERANS Dem Debate
Great, everyone is saying I did much better on 60Minutes  last week than President Obama did tonight. I agree!
President Obama was terrible on 60Minutes tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing, not all of the current disasters!
.stuartpstevens made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping Romney to get destroyed by Obama. Should have won!
"4udirtyrat: real Donald Trump 9 million MORE out of work because of this BAD DEAL.Will have over 100 MILLION out of work. Nice going Obama"
"Ken Pettigrew: Don't slow down the Trump storm... American needs leadership not a Paper President like Obama. Don't leave us with Jeb!"
"RLHolden Sr: real Donald Trump Mr Trump we are praying that you win the 2016 election! Obama is destroying the US!"
.Mitt Romney is trying to hit back at me because I'm saying that he let the Repub Party down w/ his loss to Obama. Should've won—he choked!
"Dis_labeled Vet: real Donald Trump here is a Clinton insider who admitted Hillary started the whole Obama's a Muslim 
"The Brody File: On the Muslim issue: It might help Barack Obama if he actually supported Christians religious liberty rights.
"The Brody File: On the Muslim issue: It might help Barack Obama if he didn't take five years to visit Israel"
Christians need support in our country (and around the world), their religious liberty is at stake! Obama has been horrible, I will be great
"jasonusmc2017: blayne_troy real Donald Trump: He was right when he called Obama the 5 for 1 president. 5 terrorist for one no good traitor
"Letty NTX: Obama left our American hostages in Iran. Trump2016 real Donald Trump"
"Letty NTX: Obama left our American hostages in Iran. Trump2016 real Donald Trump" Sadly, so true!
President Obama wants to change the name of Mt. Mc Kinley to Denali after more than 100 years. Great insult to Ohio. I will change back!
"linda_lcarson: real Donald Trump Rubio and Bush cant say Wall. I guess it is not pc. Just like obama cant say islamic terrorists !!
"Nobama Dot Com: An FYI to all the Donald Trump haters: We've won. Most admit TRUMP CAN WIN. And  George Will and krauthammer - watch and learn
Via Breitbart News by mboyle1: "TRUMP: OBAMA SHOULDN’T ATTACK AMERICANS OVERSEAS, HILLARY’S EMAIL WAS ‘CRIMINAL" 
Obama’s nuclear deal with the Iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. It has to be stopped.
My Fox News int. with seanhannity on Obama being all talk and no action and making America Great Again! 
.Steve Rattner While I think you should have gone to prison for what you did, I guess Obama saved you. But watch – I will win!
"bollweevil51: real Donald Trump Great speech in Iowa....Obama/Kerry throw Israel under the bus."
"Silver Sharen: Obama is in Africa pledging 1billion dollars to help them. How about that money to help America. Trump for POTUS."
"bluestarwindow: real Donald Trump bdean1468 Putin knows that Obama is a danger to the world. Putin will respect President Trump" True!
It's going to take an outsider to clean up after Clinton, Bush and Obama. Let's Make America Great Again! 
Obama still will keep all military recruitment centers and bases Gun Free Zones! It has to stop. MILITARY LIVES MATTER!
I'm glad President Obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. It's about time!
"Alberto Zambrano: Heinz FGuderian   Well get your facts straight. Mc Cain was so bad he gave us Obama. He gave arms to Islamic terrorists"
Why would anybody listen to Mitt Romney? He lost an election that should have easily been won against Obama. By the way,so did John Mc Cain!
In addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our Vets, John Mc Cain let us down by losing to Barack Obama in his run for President!
FLASHBACK – “Donald Trump Blasts Obama for Failing to Secure Christian Pastor’s Freedom in Iran"   via theblaze’
I can't believe that President Obama isn't able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of Kate Steinle.Come on Pres-MAKE CALL!
"Lee Ellmauer Jr: LEGAL Latino Immigrants talk to me in factories and warehouses. Want to know why OBAMA to give AMNESTY? They did it RIGHT!"
"Marta_AQT4U: Obama - just retire I'm ready for a real Leader !! Trump2016 real Donald Trump Please Hurry up and Get to The WHITE House !
Obama and Republicans are hollowing out our military. Now want to cut troop levels. Lowest level in over 20 years.
"catisbetter666: real Donald Trump I'm voting trump bc we need a real man to lead the country not that socialist Obama"
"Frankie EMT_B: real Donald Trump You have my vote already! We don't need another Obama, it's time for someone who knows how to lead!"
Why would Republican candidates want the support of Mitt Romney. He lost an election against Obama that should NEVER have been lost!
"babyylissa: Obama calls immigrants gang bangersandcriminals but Trump gets attacked for calling SOME illegals from SOME countries bad people
"Grover Windham: real Donald Trump Highlander6700 Macys obama called them gangbanger and criminals"
Obama once again just missed a self-imposed deadline with Iran. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. Double the sanctions!
“TRUMP DECLARES VICTORY ON IMMIGRATION AS OBAMA ADMITS SOME ILLEGALS ARE ‘GANG BANGERS’”  via Breitbart News ASwoyer
Make our borders strong and stop illegal immigration. Even President Obama agrees- 
"tonyschiano: Unlike Obama....he can think outside the box! Trump2016 ~ usplaymoney real Donald Trump beny_benson"
If I win the presidency, my judicial appointments will do the right thing unlike Bush's appointee John Roberts on Obama Care.
My gretawire interview on Fox News Insider “Trump: 'Last Person I'd Want Negotiating for Me Is Obama'” 
"WGinetta: WE ARE GONNA NEED real Donald Trump IN 2016 TO UN-NEGOTIATE EVERYTHING OBAMA SAID HE NEGOTIATED Make America Great Again" True.
Via Breitbart News by ASwoyer: "Exclusive: Trump Slams Obamatrade, Stands Up For American Jobs" 
"Tory Ireland: real Donald Trump ONLY TRUMP2016 has what it takes to STOP Hillary Rodham Clinton! Stop Hillary No Bama 
"krauthammer: On sale today. Things That Matter in paperback. With a new section on the Obama years. Book sucks!
Just as I predicted, while Obama lifted sanctions 18 months ago, Iran cheated and increased its nuclear fuel by 20%. We must DOUBLE sanctions!
"macresslertech: RT  Obama Care premiums could jump as high as 51%  Terrible for economy. Repeal and Replace.
Obama Care premiums could jump as high as 51%  Terrible for economy. Repeal and Replace with free market solution!
My greta int. on Fox News on how to defeat ISIS, Obama losing ground to ISIS, and Making America Great Again! 
"pcm426: real Donald Trump Fox News Insider greta everything obama touches goes to hell"
"Fox News Insider:  U.S. Is a 'Laughingstock,' Obama 'Has No Clue What He's Doing'  greta "
"Howard Jax50: Bush and Obama surrounded themselves with inept yes men. Trump will take advice from the finest nonpartisans in America!"
"2014_vince: njm4250 That means he can get the better of china..china control bush.obama.....Trump uses,controls china.never loses"
"2014_vince: real Donald Trump all planet earth wants the deal king trump to clean up the bush..obama mess" Wow, it can be done!
"John From Cranber: Donald Trump: "Never a Greater Enemy to Israel Than Obama" 
"Chris_R_2014: megynkelly real Donald Trump - He would fix this complete mess. America needs Trump. We don't need Obama."
"traapgawddd: real Donald Trump kick Obamas ass and run for president already."
Can you imagine, we spend billions of dollars protecting Saudi Arabia and now the King refuses to even meet with Obama. Great leadership!
Via fitsnews by Will Folks: “’THE DONALD’ REBUKES OBAMATRADE” 
Via Newsmax_Media by “Donald Trump: Don't Give Obama Fast-Track Trade Authority” 
"Newsmax_Media: Donald Trump: Don't Give Obama Fast-Track Trade Authority "
"jrondatampier: If Obama isnt able to solve Baltimore´s issue, no chance to solve China´s and OPEC´s abuses. The World asks for leadership!
Via Daily Caller by Alex Pappas: “Donald Trump To Blast Obama Trade Pact In Radio Ads: ‘A Bad, Bad Deal’” .
"Dean Preston76: Time for you to tell Barack Obama 'You're fired!'. Trump For President2016 We need someone who loves America in office!"
Deportations are “plummeting”  while Obama continues to grant amnesty.
If elected, I will undo all of Obama’s executive orders. I will deliver. Let’s Make America Great Again! 
Congress was elected last November to reign Obama in, not to give him ‘fast track’ authority for bad trade deals for the American worker!
They now say using the word "thug" is, like so many other words, not politically correct (even though Obama uses it). It is racist. BULL!
"Lynus Cantwell: The world is laughing. Obama is a joke. No Hillary the sequel. Run Donald please. We need no nonsense leadership."
President Obama, you have a big job to do. Go to Baltimore and bring both sides together. With proper leadership, it can be done! Do it.
"Vanderpunked: Can we drop real Donald Trump off in the middle of Baltimore so he can show Obama how it's done?" I would fix it fast!
Why are the Republicans giving Obama fast track authority for TPP and the Iran agreement?! Obama gets more from the GOP than his own party.
Republicans should not be giving Obama fast track authority on trade. The Trans-Pacific Partnership will squeeze our manufacturing sector
Congratulations to the Republicans in Congress. You are the only people Obama can out negotiate. Time To Get Tough
Republicans have once again capitulated to Obama. This time on the Iran nuclear treaty. When will it end?
Via Am Spec by Jeff Jlpa1: "Exclusive: Trump Says Obama Shows ‘Total Desperation’ on Iran" 
The Republicans are funding Obama Care and Amnesty. Obama beats them.  
"Back On Track USA:  The best thing about you becoming President would be getting to see you tell all of Obama's lackeys " You're fired!"
Jeb Bush - “I am a conservative” = Barack Obama -“If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”
Today is April 15th, Obama’s favorite day of the year. T-E-A. TAXED ENOUGH ALREADY!
"Chris_R_2014: Wendy Peters  America desperately needs leadership and values. Obama is a disgrace. We need a winner, and that is Trump."
"foxandfriends: .real Donald Trump on President Obama's statements in Panama: "Our country is going to Hell...under his leadership.""
"extra_deep: Hope real Donald Trump runs for president and fixes the mess Obama made"
"DOWNFALLOFUSA: real Donald Trump When r people going 2 wake up and c that Obama favors everyone but Americans. Obama is our worst enemy."
"Back On Track USA:Obama gave honor and praise to the deserter Bergdahl but refuses the murdered Foot Hood victims military benefits : shameful"
"Chris_R_2014:  Donald Trump is the man to make this country great. Obama/administration is an embarasssmnet and a complete joke!"
"ITTRP:  Tara Hill5 Obama's average employment % is worse than his last 5 predecessors, including Carter! "
"Back On Track USA: Again, Obama has made us a laughing stock with his Iran " negotiations ". Obama is a disgrace and an embarassment"
Exclusive–Donald Trump: Obama 'Totally Out-Negotiated' by Iran, Taliban, 'Virtually Every Country in the World' - "
"Keats Ben: real Donald Trump Donald please run for president! You need to show Obama how a real man does it!"
"Buster842: real Donald Trump The thought of Obama makes me want to puke. He is a big disgrace to America and all it stands for."
“Obama’s promises on the Iran deal are like him promising ‘if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it’” - marklevinshow
Congress must stop Obama’s reckless deal with Iran. The framework is a pathway for Iran to develop nukes.
"ohheyyhbayyy: One could only hope that real Donald Trump will run for president. Had enough of Obama's poor choices in office.
Obama’s offer to Iran will not stop Iran’s breakout capability. It is a bad, desperate deal negotiated from weakness. Pass sanctions!
"Fake Ski Team: real Donald Trump That's why we need tough, smart leaders like you in the White House instead of this pushover Obama!"
"Fake Ski Team: real Donald Trump This Obama guy has no backbone when it comes to foreign policy! Please run for President Donald!"
"kicknback123: real Donald Trump is a master negotiator. Obama can't even operate a toaster. oreillyfactor"
"Mariano QCasilum: real Donald Trump PLEASE RUN AND RUN. PLEASE HELP US LIBERATE AMERICA FROM o BAMA'S MALADIES!"
There is only one fix for Obama Care - REPEAL and REPLACE with a free market oriented alternative!
"Politcswatch: real Donald Trump I would call what the Obama Administration has done these two terms a disaster. foxandfriends"
Message to Obama re: Iran: “The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.” – The Art of the Deal
Pres. Obama was touting Yemen as a great success story - it just fell. Obama doesn't know what he is doing. Saudi Arabia is in big trouble.
"Jack_P_Ivory: real Donald Trump is the only person alive who could clean up the mess Obama left us."  True!
Via Daily Caller by alweaver22:“Trump: Obama One Of ‘The Worst Things That’s Ever Happened To Israel’” 
"Sethanatorr:Trump should run for president. We need him. Obama has accomplished nothing. We all know Mr. Trump knows how to get stuff done
The talks between the U.S. and Iran are going on forever,  WORLD'S LONGEST NEGOTIATION. Obama has no idea what he is doing - incompetent!
"taylor70778592: Obama Loves America like Rosie O'Donnell loves Donald Trump" Interesting.
President Obama and our negotiators are failed checker players playing against Grand Master Chess champions. Very sad to watch!
"dawino6260: Donald Trump Rips Media for Scott Walker Investigation: Why Didn’t They Go to Obama’s Schools? "
"WSCP1: Obama records still a mystery - The Donald: MSM Investigation Into Scott Walker’s College A ‘Double Standard’ 
With America's debt topping $21T by the end of his presidency, Obama will have effectively bankrupted our country. davidaxelrod
.davidaxelrod  I hope your book is better than the Obama second book, but it is inaccurate as it pertains to me - but no big deal, boring!
"1Simranjit Singh: I am a student myself. I cannot believe that Obama, has doubled the interest rate on student loans. Trump for President!"
MUST READ IBDeditorials: “President Obama's Amnesty At Any Price”  Congress - Use the Power of Purse! Defund Amnesty!
It must have been President Obama that called in what will go down as the DUMBEST PLAY IN THE HISTORY OF FOOTBALL. Same thought process!
"russiannavyblog: real Donald Trump Apprentice NBC An announcement Mr Trump will run for President and fix the Obama-ruined nation?"
Many people are saying it was wonderful that Mrs. Obama refused to wear a scarf in Saudi Arabia, but they were insulted.We have enuf enemies
Trump Vlog Obama- stop chewing gum! 
President Obama, our great leader, wants to declare martial law in New York City as a means of helping out with the "massive" storm.
"bahia6085: real Donald Trump If this country is still existing with Obama in charge, then imagine if Trump was prez! It would be awesome."
"tarheels31: real Donald Trump NBCNews outside of the apprentice, hardly anyone watches the obama network... aka nbc"
Via Breitbart News: “DONALD TRUMP AT SUMMIT: OBAMACARE A ‘FILTHY LIE,’ CAN BUILD ‘A BEAUTY’ OF A BORDER FENCE” 
Via DMRegister by Jennifer JJacobs: "Trump: 'I would've won the race against Obama'" 
"buffy G6820: I say Donald Trump takeover the White House now, Barack Obama is a fraud. Donald Trump House GOP EPN "
Via beforeitsnews: “WATCH: See How Trump Just Torched Obama, Biden, Kerry For Snubbing Paris Anti-Terror March” 
My foxandfriends int.on Fox News Insider:“'We Have No Leadership': Trump Slams Obama for Skipping Paris Unity Rally” 
"danielprofit: jskrepak Real James Woods real Donald Trump You really think we will have another elected President Before Obama starts WW3"
Why does Obama continue to release the worst of the worst from Gitmo?! Look at Paris and wake up!
Congress must repeal Obama Care. Obama will veto while Americans continue to lose their doctors and pay rising premiums.
"Yankee Runner LV:Can U trick Obama into appearing on Apprentice NBC by telling him Golf is involved so you can do Country a favorand FIRE HIM!
"yurdreamwoman: Apprentice NBC real Donald Trump would be great to have Obama on his show so the Don can fire his arsss"
"SAKREV: real Donald Trump erotao Israeli PM netanyahu Mr Trump, it is undeniable that Obama hates Israel."
Romney was the architect of Obama Care. Bush’s Chief Justice legalized the monstrosity. Notice a trend?
If only Obama would treat Israeli PM netanyahu with the same respect he awards tyrants. Very strange and dangerous for our national security.
Obama now wants to deny due process to the police. He’ll give all constitutional rights to the terrorists but not our cops.
"Eileen Jael: real Donald Trump Carrienguns Do you think the Bushes knew Justice Roberts was going to pull an Obama Care stunt like that?
After destroying the Middle East and our economy, the Bushes last gift was having Justice Roberts legalize Obama Care. No more Bushes!
Obama has admitted that he spends his mornings watching ESPN. Then he plays golf, fundraises and grants amnesty to illegals.
Obama attacks the CIA for  waterboarding while routinely droning civilians caught in the Islamist crosshairs.
30 million Americans are unemployed yet Obama has set up workshops across the country for illegals to get Amnesty 
The lights went out at the White House today   Symbolic of the Obama presidency.
"NCconserv: real Donald Trump great at explaining the ignorance of Obama anti-America administration on Fox News! tcot Red Nation Rising
"seankesser: real Donald Trump People with bachelor's degrees can't find jobs in US. And Obama wants to bring in more immigrants."
"tray24u1: "real Donald Trump: If America was under the threat of imminent attack, would Obama use torture or a kiss?"
"toptv005: Vikki TB he was thé Very First one to warn people about Barack Hussein Obama and people blamed him? Well, he was right!"
If America was under the threat of imminent attack, would Obama use torture or a kiss?
"Piano Becca: Nothing more important for America to do then get it's house in ordure that means dump Obama PRONTO elect Mr.Trump ASAP! Prez
Via Breitbart News by pamkey NEN: “Trump: Obama Care Not Working for Business, Going to Collapse”   
Obama and Democrat leaders did a great disservice by releasing the papers on torture. The world is laughing at us—they think we are fools!
Romney Care/Obama Care architect Gruber apologized for his comments. He should apologize for the $2T monstrosity and return all taxpayer money.
"Nottinghams1: FWproud John Roberts biggest turncoat of them all. We know what Obama The Destroyer is but JR pretends to be Conservative"
President Obama, Gruber and all of the other Obama cronies got Obama Care passed by lies and fraudulent statements. Courts should overturn!
"Tyler_Allreddd: Well said real Donald Trump Obamacare "
Glad to see Romney Care/Obama Care architect Gruber being eviscerated on the Hill today. He should return all taxpayer money he was paid.
Obama Care continues to increase insurance premiums and raise record deductibles. New Congress must use every tool to defund.
Via worldnetdaily by jerome_corsi: “Donald Trump: Obama’s Jobless Figures ‘Phony.’ Economists agree.”   
Obama opposes sanctions on Iran  They are laughing at Kerry and Obama!
Obama is giving Social Security and Obama Care to illegals, yet wants to cut military benefits  Disgrace!
Broken borders, $18T debt, Obama Care failing and over budget. Don’t worry our president is still fundraising  Priorities
Congress must pass a budget and hold Obama to it. No more continuing resolutions and no more excuses. Republicans soon hold both houses.
"worrywarto: Fox News CNN Yahoo News abcnews Now that he's a Lame Duck and doesn't need your vote any longer the real OBAMA is out!" True.
"Master Baxter8: Rosie and Obama have something in common, both disasters and both made a huge mistake messing with Trump. trump2016"
"Brian_Legit: real Donald Trump please run for president. Your the only one who can fix this mess Obama created" I agree!
In the very least, Congress must defund Obama’s unconstitutional amnesty order.
Yesterday our national debt topped a record $18T. Over 44% has accrued under Obama. A real mess.
If Obama Care should not be repealed then why has Obama and Congress exempted their staffs?
Obama is community organizing from the Oval Office on Ferguson today. More riots sure to follow.
Congress’ greatest card against Obama is the power of the purse. Use it!
Now Obama is keeping our soldiers in Afghanistan for at least another year. He is losing two wars simultaneously.
"topcat33831795: foxandfriends Obama's first meeting after midterm loss was Al Sharpton Continued divisive agenda takes eyes off failures.
"Rafael Merrydel1: The Carter Family Thanksgiving will be a bit happier as Obama officially becomes the worst President in history."
President Obama has absolutely no control (or respect) over the African American community-they have fared so poorly under his presidency.
Sadly, because president Obama has done such a poor job as president, you won't see another black president for generations!
Despite having a black president, the racial divide seems greater than it has in decades.If Obama were a  leader, this would not be the case
"The Real Zach49: This is why we need real Donald Trump in office. Barack Obama doesn't know how to keep order"
"Abdul_Akbarzai1:  "The Real Zach49: real Donald Trump can't wait for you to take over this country and rebuild what Obama destroyed"
ISIS is starting its own currency. May be stronger than the dollar if Obama Care is fully implemented.
Fact – Amnesty lowers wages and invites more lawlessness. Obama has unilaterally cancelled any chance of immigration reform.
Congratulations to Chuck Hagel on one of the shortest tenures as Sec. of Defense. Another terrible appointee by Obama.
"Jurisprude1:Donald Trump Obama comes to Australia and makes a speech against our PM at a time we're fighting together in Iraq. Run please!"
"grammasu52: PLZ Mr. Trump... if anyone can expose the truth about obama you can! How many more lies does America have to listen to?"
"futureicon: pinksugar61 Obama also fabricated his own birth certificate after being pressured to produce one by real Donald Trump"
If we do not protect the rule of law then we can expect even more illegals to cross the border. Obama’s executive amnesty is dangerous.
Repubs must not allow Pres Obama to subvert the Constitution of the US for his own benefit and because he is unable to negotiate w/ Congress.
WATCH – WH official says that Obama Care/Romney Care architect Gruber was ‘an important figure’ in crafting the law 
“If you like your plan you keep it.” = “Gruber is just some adviser.” Two of Obama’s greatest lies told to the American public.
"Rafael Merrydel1: real Donald Trump can Obama salvage his presidency by going to Ferguson and bringing peace?"  No!
"nikkio: Donald Trump greta Donald Trump helped out more than Obama did with Andrew Tahmoorissi -- The 25K check was a wonderful gesture."
Obama Care will continue to stop entrepreneurship, slow growth and halt research and development. Defund, Repeal and Replace!
Watch – Obama in 2006: “I’ve stolen ideas from Jonathan Gruber”   And now Obama claims he is 'just some adviser.'
At least Obama Care/Romney Care architect Gruber admitted, albeit privately, that we were lied to by Obama. Gang of Liars.
Via Breitbart News by mboyle1: “Obama’s Amnesty Will Give Illegal Aliens Public Benefits”   
ICYMI, my foxandfriends int. criticizing the GOP on Obama Care, the new Congress and 2016   
Just like Jonathan Gruber viciously lied and called Americans “stupid” on Obama Care, many consultants are doing the same on Global Warming.
Obama’s China ‘climate’ deal binds America with language of ‘will’ curb emissions now while China only ‘intends’ to curb in 2030. Bad deal!
Obama Care/Romney Care architect Gruber was paid over $6M with our tax dollars yet Obama only claims he ‘was some adviser.’
Deportations are now at a record low. Obama manipulated the numbers to lie to the public that they were at a record high. Secure the border!
So Obama's top people responsible for Obama Care think the American Public is stupid! All based on lies and deception! Repubs should sue.
Obama’s attack  on the internet is another top down power grab. Net neutrality is the Fairness Doctrine. Will target conservative media.
"Jim DBenson: real Donald Trump Great point on the Obamacare site…Thanks for keeping it top-of-mind. Your gifted insights bless America!"
The Obama Care website still is not complete. $5 billion and no progress. Scary and sad!
My greta int. discussing $25,000 gift to USMC Tahmooressi, Obama’s trip to China and the 2014 election results 
Via PJMedia_com by Nicholas Ballasy: “Trump Calls Election a ‘Big Blow to Obama… I Think He’s in Denial’” 
"Fuct Checker: We need less isis and ebola and obama and more real Donald Trump" True!
My 971FMTalk int. with DLoesch on Hands Off My Gun, 2014 election results, stopping Obamacare, new Senate and 2016 
Fact – every successful GOP Senate candidate just elected ran on repealing Obama Care. In January, it’s time to move!
The new Congress must restore military spending and stop Obama budget cuts. Also, hold Obama accountable on the VA.
"The Real Zach49: real Donald Trump can't wait for you to take over this country and rebuild what Obama destroyed"
Obama’s Amnesty Executive Order can now be stopped by Majority Leader Mc Connell with riders. That’s one reason we needed the Senate.
Yesterday was a referendum on Obama Care and all other Obama fiascos. Republicans can now rein him in.
Obama has now had two record and historic midterm losses. There is Hope and Change for America.
"Mitchwa: real Donald Trump What a great night for the good guys. I'm worried about Obama using executive power to pass immigration law"
A really bad night for President Obama. Now the Republicans have to get together and get the job done!
One year ago I started calling President Obama INCOMPETENT and people thought it was too tough.     Tonight everyone is using that    word!
Looking like a really big night for Republicans - a tremendous refutation of President Obama and his failed policies!
"Beeta Benjy: real Donald Trump destroying Barack Obama as only he can:  Israel"
"Brielle Zolciak: real Donald Trump what do I have to do to get u to run for president byeobama" Just hang in there!
Today is referendum on Obama Care, Amnesty, slow growth, having your healthcare dropped and all the other lies.
Via Newsmax_Media by wandacarruthers: “Trump: GOP on Edge of Winning 'Big' and Forcing Obama to Act” 
Via Daily Caller Neil Munro DC: “Obama’s Border Policy Fueled Epidemic, Evidence Shows” 
Via Newsmax_Media: “Rep Matt Salmon: Obama 'Didn't Lift a Finger' to Help Free Marine in Mexican Prison” 
Via haaretzcom: “Donald Trump calls Obama Israel's greatest enemy” 
Via Breitbart News by Ian Hanchett: “Trump: Obama ‘Treats Our Known Enemies Much Better’ Than Israel”   
"seyjohnny: Obama traded 5 low life's from Gitmo for a soldier who was considered a deserter, but did nothing for the soldier in Mexico"
"Michelle Nunn will be a rubber stamp for Barack Obama." - Perduesenate. GOTV for David this Tuesday!
Obama/Reid/Nunn's failed economic policies are not working. Perdue Senate will bring fresh perspective to solving problems. GASen
"Property Justice: Jackshallis Strange how Obama was such a great speaker before his election and simply carried on only speaking and no doing.
"akhan_15:  I'm currently 16 years old. I'll be eligible to vote next election. Fix Obama's mess and run. You have my vote! Trump2016"
"Trey Carpenter3: Just saw the real Donald Trump on Justice, he is probably our best chance to fix this mess Barack Obama has made Trump2016
They finally let our Marine out of a Mexican prison, no thanks to Obama. Way too long. Such an event should never be allowed to happen again
"TLCr2: jennyapples real Donald Trump cnnbrk CNN no thanks to obama"
"Real_Mr_Sciales: real Donald Trump pretty much saved a U.S. Marine from a Mexican prison on his own... Where was Obama on this one?" Thanks
"Stay_on_Green: Andrew Tahmooressi has been freed by Mexico. Obama didn't do anything. But I think that real Donald Trump did.
Jeanne Shaheen was the deciding vote for Obama Care. Premiums have skyrocketed 90% for New Hampshire. Send Sen Scott Brown to the Senate!
Mark Begich votes with Obama 97%. He opposes drilling and supports Amnesty for illegals. Next Tuesday, vote Dan Sullivan2014!
Obama will quarantine all soldiers returning from Africa for 21 days. But he still allows all who contract Ebola into country? Hypocrite.
Obama admin. called netanyahu "chickenshit." Ironic since Bibi was an IDF Special Forces commando while Obama was a community organizer.
“Trump on Obama: ‘I never thought it would be this bad’”     via breitbarttv
Via Mail Online dmartosko "Donald Trump says it's morally unfair of Obama to send soldiers into Ebola hot zone" 
My Fox News interview seanhannity discussing Obama’s failed presidency, Ebola, DC Post Office, midterms and 2016 
The U.S. rocket that blew-up and crashed yesterday is emblematic of the United States under Obama. Nothing works, be it a rocket or website.
President Obama strongly considering a plan to bring non-U.S. citizens with Ebola to the United States for treatment. Now I know he's nuts!
Mark Udall was the deciding vote for Obama Care and now 250,000 Coloradans were dropped from their plans. Vote Cory Gardner!
John Foust is a liberal who supports Obama Care and opposes Ebola travel ban. Send Conservative Barbara Comstock to Congress!
WH refused a meeting with the Israeli Defense Minister. If only Obama hated Iran as much as he dislikes Israel.
Obama Care has brought skyrocketing premium increases and unaffordable deductibles which will lead to less care and job losses.
"moose_taz: real Donald Trump foxandfriends Income down and cost of living up for legal citizens of America yep this is Obama America sad"
With all that is happening with Ebola, including the doctor who so easily came back to New York, Obama still refuses to stop the flights!
"Gam: Barack Obama as one of your employers.. Are you really just turning your back on Isreal??  Trump for President I'm rdy 4 change."
There is ZERO margin for error on Ebola. Are we confident in Obama when he can’t even make a website for $5 Billion?
Michelle Nunn supports Amnesty, a weak border and Obama Care. She is an Obama liberal. Send DC an independent voice. Vote Perduesenate!
Via Breitbart News by j_strong: “Obama Administration Quietly Prepares ‘Surge of Millions’ of New Immigrant Ids” 
Trump Vlog Obama should be ashamed! 
President Obama, you are a complete and total disaster, but you have a chance to do something great and important: STOP THE FLIGHTS!
President Obama has a major meeting on the N.Y.C. Ebola outbreak, with people flying in from all over the country, but decided to play golf!
I never thought I'd say it in my lifetime, but President Barack Hussein Obama, aka Barry Sotoro, is a far worse president than Jimmy Carter!
I have been saying for weeks for President Obama to stop the flights from West Africa. So simple, but he refused. A TOTAL incompetent!
Ebola has been confirmed in N.Y.C., with officials frantically trying to find all of the people and things he had contact with.Obama's fault
If this doctor, who so recklessly flew into New York from West Africa,has Ebola,then Obama should apologize to the American people and resign!
Double digit premium increases because of Obama Care. Dems trying to delay showing numbers until after election, but news is spreading fast!
"sleuthjen: real Donald Trump if you had one piece of advice for Obama what would it be?" To resign from office!
Tremendous pressure on President Obama to institute a travel ban on Ebola stricken West Africa. At some point this stubborn dope will fold!
Alison Grimes supports harsh restrictions to kill coal industry and supports Obama's anti-gun legislation. Vote Team_Mitch!
Liberal SD Dem candidate Rick Weiland wants to expand Obama Care to single payer and opposes Ebola travel ban. Send Roundsfor Senate to Senate!
“Dem candidates are all folks who vote with me.” – Barack Obama describing ALL Democrat Senate candidates
The United States, under President Obama, has truly become the "gang that couldn't shoot straight." Everything he touches turns to garbage!
Don’t believe Kay Hagan on Ebola travel ban. She also promised that you would keep your healthcare plan under Obama Care. Vote Thom Tillis!
Obama will let Ebola fly into US and drugrunners cross our border daily. But he won't pressure Mexico on Sgt. Tahmooressi. Free Our Marine
"mrkenbutler:  Donald, You are without a doubt the only person who can correct the collision course Obama has us on. Please run in 2016!"
"nikkio: Donald Trump:  Only way to get Obama to do right for our Marine would be for every country club across USA to deny him golf access
I was never a fan of Bush, in fact, he was so bad he gave us Obama! But Obama is truly a pathetic excuse of a president, can't get any worse
"gregazar: real Donald Trump "Donald Trump Calls Out Obama" Thank you for calling out this idiot!"
President Obama has made one mistake after another for a very long time, and the people of the United States are just plain tired of it!
"Yankee Runner: I love Mon Mornings when T is on foxandfriends as the voice of reason to tell it like it isanddispel another wk of Obama Lies
I will be on foxandfriends at 7.00 - 45 minutes. Talking about Ebola, Obama and other strange U.S. happenings!
Do you believe Obama just said that America would be "less safe" with a travel ban from West Africa.This is the thinking of a total mad man!
The lobbyist and political hack that President Obama just appointed as the "Ebola Czar," just missed his first major meeting on Ebola-A joke
Daily Caller by Alex Pappas: “Donald Trump, Headed To Iowa, Says Ebola Is Further Proof Of Obama's Incompetence” "
Obama just appointed an Ebola Czar with zero experience in the medical area and zero experience in infectious disease control. A TOTAL JOKE!
Via Daily Caller by Alex Pappas: “Donald Trump, Headed To Iowa, Says Ebola Is Further Proof Of Obama's Incompetence” 
Now Michelle Nunn will not admit she voted for Obama. Of course she did. Nunn supports Obama Care and is anti-Second Amendment.
The new Ebola czar will report to the WH and NSA adviser Susan Rice. More mismanagement and duplicity with CDC. Obama is terrible executive.
"jameranne: real Donald Trump If only Donald Trump could tell u Obama "he's fired" the world would be a happier place"
Looks like Obama will not stop the very potentially dangerous flights to and from West Africa. What the hell is wrong with this guy?
My Steve Deace Show interview discussing Ebola, Obama’s incompetence and my trip to Iowa for  Steve King IA on Sat.  
I am starting to think that there is something seriously wrong with President Obama's mental health. Why won't he stop the flights. Psycho!
With all of the words President Obama just dispensed at his press conference, he didn't say what we all want to hear,"I'LL STOP THE FLIGHTS"
President Obama has a personal responsibility to visit and embrace all people in the US who contract Ebola!
Obama still refuses to stop the flights. Is he stubborn or just plain incompetent - I say both!
Michelle Nunn will be a solid vote for  Obama. She supports Obama Care and opposes 2nd Amendment. Vote for  Perduesenate to change things!
We pay for Obama's travel so he can fundraise millions so Democrats can run on lies. Then we pay for his golf.
Alison Grimes will protect the 'sanctity' of her Obama ballot yet admits she voted for Hillary in primary. Hypocrite. Vote Team_Mitch!
"Bob Day TGAS:  Nassar Investing Barack Obama I would walk barefoot and naked on a mile of broken glass n snakes to cast my vote for TRUMP!"
"Nassar Investing: real Donald Trump For President! The only fighting chance this country has left. Barack Obama hasn't done shit."
"The Real Zach49: real Donald Trump please run in 2016. We can't have another Obama"
As ISIS and Ebola spread like wildfire, the Obama administration just submitted a paper on how to stop climate change (aka global warming).
Can you believe that,with all of the problems and difficulties facing the U.S., President Obama spent the day playing golf.Worse than Carter
If Alison Grimes can’t admit she voted for Obama, even if she is embarrassed, then you can’t trust her! Vote Team_Mitch!
The military generals are fuming at Obama. He has boxed them in against ISIS with a strategy that is destined to fail. Sad!
I don't know if President Obama isn't stopping the flights from Ebola torn West Africa because he is stubborn, stupid, or just doesn't care!
President Obama, NOW, bring our 4000 innocent and ill-trained soldiers home from West Africa, before it is too late, AND STOP THE FLIGHTS!
If a conservative Republican made the mistake that Mrs. Obama just made by calling Braley by the wrong name, it would be the biggest story!
Michelle Obama made a terrible mistake in Iowa. When endorsing Bruce Braley before a large crowd, she called him Bruce Bailey seven times.
Do you notice that because of Ebola, ISIS etc., Obama Care has gone to the back burner despite horrible results coming out. A disaster!
Obama: “I will control Ebola.” = Obama: “If you like your health care plan, you can keep your healthcare plan.”
"Obamacare puts poor people on a form of government run, single-payer health insurance that many doctors don't take" - Avik
Obama is making the Ebola problem much worse than it needs to be in the U.S. by not halting flights from West Africa. Airport testing a joke
"Breitbart News: Donald Trump, Chuck Todd Agree: No Trust of Feds' Handling Ebola Because of Obama Admin Scandals:  "
"Breitbart News: Donald Trump: Obama 'Stupid' or 'Arrogant' for Not Instituting Ebola Travel Ban: On Sunday "
"TPM: Donald Trump tells Fox why he doesn't trust Obama on Ebola: Benghazi! "
Obama won’t send troops to fight jihadists, yet sends them to Liberia to contract Ebola. He is a delusional failure.
Via Mediaite by forza_desiderio: “Donald Trump Blasts Obama on Ebola: Why Are You Sending Troops?” 
Even Jimmy Carter just released a statement saying that Obama doesn't have a clue. That has to be a new low!
Obama, stop the flights to and from West Africa NOW - before it is too late! Can't you see what's happening? Can you be that thick (stupid)?
ISIS is advancing even against Obama’s airstrikes. Obama is disengaged and making the Middle East even more dangerous.
Obamacare premiums continue to rise and bend up the cross curve. And the back-end of the website does not even work.
Obama is looking like an incompetent fool in the handling of the war against.ISIS! Why isn't China and Russia helping - they gain so much!
Via Newsmax_Media by Owen Tew: “Trump: 'Maybe Something Miraculous Happens' and Obama Will Succeed” 
Via IBDeditorials: “Most Americans Label Obama Presidency A Failure” 
My gretawire int. on Leon Panetta's critique of Obama, Ebola, rise of ISIS, Obama's lack of common sense and 2016  
Despite the ever increasing Ebola disaster, Obama refuses to stop flights from West Africa.It's almost like he's saying F-you to U.S. public
Obama has missed 58% of his intelligence briefings. But our president does make 100% of his fundraisers.
What the hell is Obama doing in allowing all of these potentially very sick people to continue entering the U.S.! Is he stupid or arrogant?
President Obama, I have an idea! Pretend that West Africa is Israel and then you will be able to stop the Ebola area flights.
President Obama - close down the flights from Ebola infected areas right now, before it is too late! What the hell is wrong with you?
Can you believe that President Obama still hasn't stopped the flights and people pouring into the U.S. from West Africa. TERRIBLE PRESIDENT!
"calfofgod: real Donald Trump you are the Smartest man in america. Why aren't you president. Who needs Obama? We need you! Please run!!"
"Val Everetts: Obama isn't smart enough to identify what the best and brightest would look like. Please run for POTUS. We need you."
Really interesting, President Obama was quick to shut down flights to Isreal but is totally unwilling to shut down flights from West Africa!
"not_that_actor PREDICTION: Things will be so bad in post-Obama US that Trump will be swept into White House in '16 "
Obama can attend a fundraiser every day but can’t be bothered to get briefed on national security. Commander-in-Chief?!
President Obama should stay out of the Hong Kong protests, we have enough problems in our own country!Can't even properly police White House
Fact--Obama does not read his intelligence briefings nor does he get briefed in person by the CIA or DOD. Too busy I guess!
Via Newsmax_Media by wandacarruthers: "Trump: 'Inconceivable' Obama didn't know about ISIS threat"   
It wasn't only that Obama saluted a Marine with a cup of coffee in his hand, but why the hell does he have to exit a heli holding coffee?
Jeanne Shaheen wants amnesty for illegals, placed the deciding vote for  Obama Care and opposes the 2nd Amendment. Vote her out in November!
Obama:“I will destroy ISIS” = Obama: “If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”
“Runaway Obamacare Spending Will Cost Democrats”  via Bloomberg View by lanheechen
Must watch for all Georgians Perduesenate’s new ad “Secure Our Border  Michelle Nunn supports amnesty and Obama Care
"Lotuschild32: real Donald Trump U would do more in 1 week than Obama has in 6 yrs! Trump4Prez Fire Obama"
"Mathew Prinsen: real Donald Trump I was wondering your take on Obama saluting with a coffee in his hand? Big deal or no?" Terrible!
“Obamacare Data Mismatch Could Leave Thousands Uninsured”  Obama Care is not working and has missed all targets.
Obama administration said that Saudi Arabia was on Syria’s border    Wrong. These are the civilians planning the war.
Now Obama is having our army coordinate with Iran against ISIS. What’s next?
Obama’s rollout of his ISIS war plan is another unmitigated disaster. The Generals must be furious.
Do you believe that Obama is giving weapons to "moderate rebels" in Syria.Isn't sure who they are. What the hell is he doing.Will turn on us
Why are we sending thousands of ill-trained soldiers into Ebola infested areas of Africa! Bring the plague back to U.S.? Obama is so stupid.
"Gregshades real Donald Trump in 2017 when obama (hopefully) leaves office and we can began to rebuild America from his nightmare." Thx
"NYCdeb8tr: real Donald Trump We have 2 more years of suffering under Obama. Can we at least have some fun while suffering? Trumpfan"
So Obama wants to bomb ISIS in Iraq and arm them in Syria? What is he doing!
Are the Republicans going to blow their chance to take the Senate? Must focus on Obama Care and amnesty.
In order to stop the Ebola outbreak in Africa, perhaps the President should put all Africans on Obama Care rather than sending the troops!
Just met with David Perdue Perduesenate. He’s a fantastic guy who will fight hard against Obama Care. He will win!
Congratulations to Obama on building a strong economy. There are 49,500,000 people on food stamps. A historic record!
Obama’s promise to build an international coalition against ISIS is already broken. No one trusts him at home or abroad.
"Mikey JFitz: real Donald Trump Thru rough times 1 thing that keeps me going, I wasn't one of the idiots that voted for Obama. Trump2016"
Obama Care has cut workers’ pay by over $22B and eliminated 350,000+ small business jobs  Repeal before it's too late!
Sen. Kay Hagan voted for Amnesty and Obama Care. She is a proven liberal who recklessly goes along with Obama. Vote Thom Tillis in November!
The so-called ‘moderate’ Syrian rebels pledged their allegiance to ISIS after Obama’s address. We should not be arming them!
"Kalozap: Obama's mind, Is Is, ebola, etc.... and then thinking, boy I wish I was on the golf coarse. What should I wear on the Links"
If Obama resigns from office NOW, thereby doing a great service to the country—I will give him free lifetime golf at any one of my courses!
ICYMI, via foxnewsinsider my foxandfriends from yesterday on Obama’s dangerous disconnect 
In '09, Obama released the ISIS chief. The terrorist gloated “I’ll see you in New York”  Historic nat'l sec. error
Fact – Obama still has not fixed the backend of the Obama Care website. This could be the greatest internet boondoggle in history.
New poll states that a record number of Americans have lost all faith in President Obama - duh!
If amnesty is so popular according to the DC ruling class, then why is Obama delaying his executive action until after the election?
"Timothy Hero: real Donald Trump I hope you run for president when Obama's corrupted term is done."
Attention all hackers: You are hacking everything else so please hack Obama's college records (destroyed?) and check "place of birth"
President Obama has just reached an ALL-TIME low approval rating! Is anybody surprised? The happiest person is former President Jimmy Carter
The Obama Care website was hacked. $5B dollars later and the site can’t even secure your personal information.
USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi has now been held in Mexican jail for over 150 days. When will Obama call for his release? Free Our Marine
China continues to be on the move both technologically and militarily. Obama is sitting by and watching.
"rcstaley Lois Weiss real Donald Trump I loved your ALS  challenge! I'm so happy that you showed real men can do it! Obama NOT!" Thanks
Obama once said he “would be ignoring the law” by granting amnesty through executive action. Now he’s about to do it. What will Congress do?
Via Am Spec by Jeffrey Lord: “Donald Trump Takes Ice Bucket Challenge – Dares Obama” 
Obama will grant amnesty to millions of illegals yet he has not lifted a finger for USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi! . Bring Back Our Marine
It’s Tuesday. How many jobs has Obama Care cost the economy today?
.Sen Scott Brown is the most competitive GOP option against Obama’s amnesty loving Senator Sheehan. He can win!
Obama sent weapons through Benghazi to ISIS yet he is holding up shipments to Israel. What is he thinking?
Obama’s motto: If I don’t go on tax payer funded vacations and constantly fundraise then the terrorists win.
"Surfer Bob Raider:  I would vote for you sir. Never again will I vote for a career politician like Obama. I did, twice. Regret it."
"Supt Sims  it's scary to think we have Obama for 2 more years. we need a leader like you to change the course of this nation!" Thank you.
"Back On Track USA: real Donald Trump While Obama vacations,golfs, attends parties and jazz concerts, ISIS is chopping heads off of journalists."
The first General killed in a combat zone since Vietnam, it is a travesty that Obama did not attend Major General Harold Greene’s funeral
"pacsgirl36: real Donald Trump wish he would just resign he is hurting America now other parts of the world Obama is a disaster"
"Back On Track USA:While Obama is partying at The WH with corrupt African leaders, Christians are being killed by ISIS with American weapons."
Obama will send troops back into Iraq combat zone. Don’t believe anything he says. Just covering for his mistakes.
Iraq is more dangerous today than any time under Saddam. War was a mistake, as I said from the very beginning. Bush and Obama should apologize
"dainbramaged_ real Donald Trump  Surprise only happens when Obama does something right. You can expect no surprises." True.
What other country tells the enemy when we are going to attack like Obama is doing with ISIS. Whatever happened to the element of surprise?
Obama Care premiums rising 13.2% in 2015  Elections have consequences!
We are going through contentious primaries now but the GOP must unite. Let’s take the Senate and stop Obama’s dangerous agenda.
It’s Tuesday. How many fundraisers, travelling on the taxpayer dime, will Obama hold today?
Via Las Vegas Sun by Eugene R. Dunn: “Impeach Obama and elect Trump” 
The Obama Care website is in the news again - it is turning out to cost even more than previously thought, AND IT DOESN'T WORK! Big trouble!
Obama’s war on women. “Number of Unemployed Women Increased in July by 227,000” 
It's time for Mountain State to have a Senator who will stop Obama’s war on coal. This November send DC a message, vote for Capitofor WV!
Obama should work on a ceasefire in Chicago as well as Gaza.
When in doubt, Obama fundraises. He has held 393 fundraisers in six years. Another record.
Youth unemployment is at a record high. Obama Care is a job destroyer which is ruining aspiring careers. It must be repealed.
Watch – Obama will not fix the illegal immigrant loophole. Instead he will sign another executive action giving more amnesty.
My Fox News gretawire int. on the border crisis, Bring Back Our Marine and Obama’s ineptitude and the economy   
Obama spoke to the Mexican president last week and did not mention UMC Sgt. Tahmooressi. Sad!
"Vikes Realist: real Donald Trump Is Obama the worst President ever?" Top of the list!
"sluthoee: I know for a fact you would do a hell lot of a better Job if you were the president of the United States instead of Obama!" True
Central American presidents are blaming us for the influx of illegal immigration   Obama will soon apologize.
The Republicans owe an apology for blowing the 2012 election. How could they lose to Obama?!
Obama can sign an illegal executive action anytime for Obama Care but he can’t fix the illegal loophole.
I say we cannot continue to let Obama fly around on Air Force 1, at a cost of millions of dollars a day, for the purpose of politics and play!
Less than 1% of Obama’s $4B immigration request will go towards immediate border security. A real scam. Enforce our laws now!
Obama is on yet another two-day West Coast fundraising swing. Has to fit it in before his 15 day tax-payer funded vacation.
"Dan Scavino: real Donald Trump creating jobs in Washington DC ~ while Obama goes fundraising 3K miles away..with major issues taking place
Wow, Obama really put it to Israel by canceling flights there. This puts them at a tremendous disadvantage. Tourism and more will just stop.
"jeddprice: real Donald Trump Maybe the USA needs to cancel all the rest of Obama's vacations to actually deal with this."
Obama Care strikes again. Major insurer announced that over 53,000 New Yorkers will be dropped from their plans 
I believe that President Obama is so overwhelmed by what is happening in the U.S. and throughout the World that he has totally given up!
Obama wanted Putin to reset. Instead, Putin laughed at him and reloaded.
It’s Monday. How many fundraisers will Obama hold today?
.jimmykimmel is terrific but for Obama to fly on Air Force One ($’s) to do the show in these bad times is ridiculous.
"Bit Legal: real Donald Trump Mr. Trump, America NEEDS you. Be the Reagan to Obama's Carter. Please run for President in 2016."
"World Reach Tech: real Donald Trump greta The saddest moment in American history was the fact Obama was elected POTUS on broken promises"
"chunkenberry: .real Donald Trump  FUTURE PRESIDENT TRUMP! YOU HAVE THE RIGHT MIND TO FIX THIS COUNTRY AFTER 8 YEARS OF NOBAMA"  I agree!
Congrats to Obama and Democrats. CBO has just announced that Obama Care missed its uninsured target by half and program costs extra $700B+.
If Obama is concerned about the border, he should stop vacationing. Gov't will save millions which it can use to stop illegal migration.
Obama claims that he needs an extra $4B to secure the border. Well then he should not have wasted $5B on the Obama Care website.
"jomi101: real Donald Trump I love t recent pole showing Obama as the worst pres and Bush as t 2nd worst since WWII lol!!!"
Deserter Bergdahl returns to active duty as parents of brave soldiers killed looking for him grieve. Obama trying to play this mistake down!
"jeff_smith7: real Donald Trump Maybe Perry can put in a 9 hole golf course on the banks of the Rio Grande to lure Obama to see the border?"
USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi sacrificed for our country. While Obama is welcoming illegals, our Marine is locked in a Mexican jail. Free Our Marine
Obama looks exhausted and beaten. He was never made or prepared for the job. Like it or not, he doesn't have "it"
"reginafrye69: real Donald Trump Thankyou for supporting our Marine Heldin Mexico FREEOURMARINE Yes Obama could do something"
"ry_connolly: real Donald Trump telling it like it is on Fox News right now, Mexico is spitting in Obama's face and he does nothing legend"
Obama is in Texas but will not be visiting the border. He is too busy fundraising!
If only the illegals were Tea Party members then Obama would get them out of the country immediately.
"Back On Track USA:Imagine how much tax money it will cost Americans when Obama legalizes 25 million illegal aliensandgives them free Obama Care"
Your tax dollars well spent. Over 1.295M Obama Care enrollees will also be illegal immigrants   Are you surprised?
Obama’s statement that illegals “can’t stay” = Obama’s promise “if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.”
Historic Change! Obama has spent over $44M of our money on travel expenses, the most for any president 
Always remember, I was the one who got Obama to release his birth certificate, or whatever that was! Hilary couldn't, Mc Cain couldn't.
"News Writer2:  4enzic Tom: Newspaper: 'We Were Wrong' To Endorse Obama; He's Even Worse Than George Bush "
Our Q1 GDP was -2.9%. Worst in memory --  Obama Care killing jobs, stopping growth and making small business insecure.
After these spirited primaries are over, GOP must be fully united for November. If we take the Senate, we stop Obama’s agenda.
Another cover-up. Obama won’t disclose how many illegal immigrants he has released into our country  No surprise.
The Benghazi terrorist is getting speedier care than our Vets at the VA. Obama has his priorities.
"In The Elections: The Real HOod Rept real Donald Trump The Obama administration is the American disaster, TRUMP 2016 is the solution." So true!
It’s Monday. How much will premiums rise today because of Obama Care? REPEAL!
"David Kobzeff1: real Donald Trump can you please be Obamas replacement" Interesting way of putting it!
Will the Benghazi terrorist use the videotape as a defense? If so, will Obama apologize to him?
"Back On Track USA:Not only is America not leading in the world anymore, under Obama America is destabilizing the world and making it dangerous.
"james_dodenc: real Donald Trump Mr Trump I hope you will be running for president in 2016. Obama's Incompetence Crippled America......."
AMERICA USED TO BE THE LEADER OF THE WORLD. THANKS TO OBAMA AMERICA ISN'T EVEN LEADING FROM BEHIND.
With our border not being secure, Obama is giving a pathway to terrorists to enter our country. An attack is on him.
"thewoods575: I would rather read real Donald Trump tweets than hear Obama lie tweetthetruth vs lierlier"
"paranormalfact: real Donald Trump  If you run 2016 I will hit my streets running for you.Obama Care doesn't Care.Trump For President"
"Back On Track USA:  Remember the terrorists that Obama has been arming in Syria against Assad. Well now they are marching on Bagdad."
"Back On Track USA These are the same terrorists Obama has been arming in Syria and have attacked us on 911.Obama's foreign policy is a disaster
W/ the ransom Obama paid for deserter Bergdhal, getting Mexico to release USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi is much harder. Bring Back Our Marine
"Trutt78: real Donald Trump - you want to do something nice for Chicago and they shoot you down. Piss on Rahm. He is just an Obama lap dog."
The Iraqi Army is useless. President Obama, stay the hell out of Iraq (we should never have been there in the first place).
Iraq is falling apart fast - two trillion dollars and so many deaths - Bush got us in and Obama took far too long to get us out!
Must read IBDinvestors editorial: “Child Alien Crisis Obama's Fault, But GOP Won't Pounce” 
What I am saying is that we never should have been in Iraq in the first place. Bush was terrible, Obama is worse! Make America GREAT again.
No president in history has lied to the American people more than President Obama - in fact, it is not even close!
Obama is, without question, the WORST EVER president. I predict he will now do something really bad and totally stupid to show manhood!
BREAKING NEWS:  Obama has just made a trade with Russia. They get Florida, California and our gold supply. We get borscht and a bottle of vodka.
"el Chucacabra: real Donald Trump Obama can strike a deal with the Taliban, but can't make a deal with congress."
I believe that in addition to the 5 terrorist leaders President Obama gave up for Bergdahl, a great deal of CASH was also given. So stupid!
"_lizzly  Nearly anything would be more effective than Obama. real Donald Trump is the ideal candidate for this country's restoration"  Thx.
Obama can release 5 senior Taliban for a deserter but can’t make Mexico release decorated Marine Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. Pathetic
Obama betrays Israel yet again, our strongest ally in the Middle East. He will recognize Hamas, breaking long standing US policy.
Obama never consulted with Congress about a prisoner exchange. HE BROKE THE LAW AND SHOULD BE TRIED. OUR PRESIDENT IS A TOTAL DISASTER!
Was Susan Rice told to lie about Bergdahl? Obama and his representatives lie about virtually everything, from Obama Care to a deserter.
Rapidly failing Vanity Fair magazine hits me for my strong stance against Obama's "brilliant" 5 killers for 1 deserter trade. Amazing!
Obama’s war on coal is killing American jobs, making us more energy dependent on our enemies and creating a great business disadvantage.
"Taylor_Mc Bath Obama is actively destroying the greatest country in the world. We are going to pay a horrible price for his recent actions"
That the Obama administration didn't know the facts about who Bergdahl was before making the stupid 5 killers for one trade is pathetic!
Another Obama disaster- 
"joydacus84: real Donald Trump not long, Obama plays with our emotion's knowing we all love to see this soldier come home. Stupid man!"
"maathewdavis: real Donald Trump run in 2016 for the sake of future generations. Obama and his friends are tearing America apart."
"fergton: real Donald Trump when the released prisoners kill Americans what does Obama say to their parents?"
President Obama created a VERY BAD precedent by handing over five Taliban prisoners in exchange for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl. Another U.S. loss!
Have you ever seen our country look weaker or more pathetic: Snowden, Obama Care, VA, Russia, jobs, decimated military, debt and so much more
What does.Obama know about the VA or business - nothing, just look at the five billion dollar Obama Care website. We need a real leader!
"wisdomforwomen: “real Donald Trump: The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets.”  True!
The Obama Care websites have cost over $5B and many still do not work  One of the greatest fiascos in modern history!
The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets.
Obama's wind turbines kill “13-39 million birds and bats every year!”   Save our bald eagles, symbol of our nation!
"TTH7: Just talked to nice woman at jacknthebox- she's being cut to 30 hrs due to Obamacare- been there 5 yrs-3 kids to feed" Very sad!
Nobama Care won't work, never will work and can't work - it is a total waste of time and energy except that it is hurting people (and economy!)
Obama told his donors this past week “public opinion” is on his side. Don't believe that one either.
Another historic first under Obama, businesses are collapsing faster than they're being formed  New leadership now!
Must read f/ weeklystandard by Jay Cost TWS: “Obamacare Myth-Making - Five phony success stories.” 
Russia is on the move in the Ukraine, Iran is nuking up and Libya is run by Al Qaeda, yet Obama is busy issuing ‘climate change” warnings.
Congratulations to thomtillis on winning NCGOP Senate primary. Time for the party to unite and defeat Obama Care advocate Kay Hagan!
Over 90% of American workers could lose their healthcare by 2020 thanks to Obama Care. Repeal before it is too late!
Congrats to Barack Obama on April’s job report. Over 800,000 left the work force w/average hourly wages and weekly hours staying flat. Bad!
"salpie  real Donald Trump and how many of the jobs report uptick is due to Feds hiring Obamacare exchange temps!"  Good question. ?
China will now pass our economy this year, way ahead of projections. Pres. Obama – China’s greatest asset!
Obama Care not only has brought higher premiums, decreased care and loss of jobs but now .1% Q1 growth. REPEAL BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE!
"kerri CJ: "GOPthinker: real Donald Trump I still believe you would have beaten Obama" LMAO"  I do also!
Is everyone enjoying Obama Care’s 21 new 2014 taxes?  It’s Obama’s special gift added on to your rising premium.
Obama’s 2014 budget “eyes $1 trillion hike in tax revenue”  He loves taxes. T-E-A. Taxed Enough Already.
"Deanna Spillyard: real Donald Trump Obama makes George W. Bush look like the brightest crayon in the box."
President Obama is losing on so many fronts, in fact all fronts, that I am concerned he will do something totally irrational. He can't lead!
N.Y.Times headline states Obama suffers setbacks in Japan trade deal. Can somebody please tell him that with all they sell us, WE HAVE CARDS
As I predicted, Obama already caught lying on Ocare enrollment  by CBO who’s sticking w/ “6 million enrollments” 
The Obama Care enrollment numbers are a lie.They will be ‘readjusted’ by the White House at an opportune time, probably after ’14 election
Interesting how President Obama is flying around in a Boeing 747 on so-called Earth Day!
The way President Obama runs down the stairs of Air Force 1, hopping and bobbing all the way, is so inelegant and unpresidential. Do not fall!
Rep. Stephen Lynch (D-Ma) said, "There's all of these taxes and fees that are the tough medicine..it's going to hit the fan" 're Obama Care.
Last Thursday Obama said "investing in infrastructure would improve our economy for the long term" The next day he again stopped Keystone
Obama told Medvedev after the ’12 reelect, he would “have more flexibility.” It was music to Putin’s ears.
The biggest winner of Obama’s ’08 win --- Vladimir Putin. Ultimately he could be tied with Iran after Tehran becomes a nuclear power.
Obama through his cronies said the Keysyone pipeline was "not political" - how much can one man lie about even the most obvious things?
"mike_carrion99: Uwere right,the Chinese respect smart ppl like urself,but they and evry1 laughs  Obama.Plz run in '16 you're STRONG"
"ARbruins: penows Canizal Vania Obama is a horrible leader, can't get anyone to agree on anything. I believe trump is for real" Thank you.
"Cinderella Man2: ! real Donald Trump explains Obamacare perfectly. "
Obama Care enrollment lie: Obama counts an enrollee as a web user putting a plan in “their online shopping carts”  
Why did Pres Obama remove sanctions against Iran prior to negotiating rather than completing successful negotiation and then remove sanctions?
CBO now estimates that over 2.5M will lose jobs directly because of Obama Care. REPEAL now before it is too late.
America is at a great disadvantage. Putin is ex-KGB, Obama is a community organizer. Unfair.
Obama has changed the Census so “it will be difficult to measure the effects” of O'Care   REAL data hidden
Obama lied when he said “you can keep your plan,” so why would anyone believe his bogus Obama Care enrollment numbers?!
"Bigonbeets: real Donald Trump If you could do anything to change the world for the better, what would you do?"  Fire Obama!
"Tristacks Eff: real Donald Trump would bring us back from this mess Barack Obama put us in. Run For President 2016"  True!
"Brad ANGSA: sonnset2 For Q2 real Donald Trump  Grease Weezer Obama would not have won election if he told truth about Obama-Care.."
"If Trump became president he would do an amazing job; if Obama took over Celebrity Apprentice, he'd fail."  What's your opinion? I agree!
Because of President Obama's failed leadership, we have put Vladimir Putin and Russia back on the world stage! --No reason for this.
"Winger23: Obamacare has ruined healthcare. Everyone I know is having a hard time paying their new plans. It costs too much!"
By Obama mentioning Manhattan yesterday in his response, he has singlehandedly made it target 1. How totally stupid is this guy?
Not good or smart for Obama to be calling Russia a "regional" power or to mention the concept of a nuclear weapon going off in NYC.
President Obama looks absolutely exhausted in the Netherlands. He is not a natural leader, was never ment to lead - it is tough work for him
Obama should stop running down the stairs when getting off Air Force One.  Doesn’t look presidential and at some point he will take a fall.
Obama must now FOCUS, get his mind off "March.Madness", and LEAD! Watch Russia closely, work hard on the economy and get rid of Obama Care!
I believe Putin will continue to re-build the Russian Empire. He has zero respect for Obama or the U.S.!
Putin has become a big hero in Russia with an all time high popularity. Obama, on the other hand, has fallen to his lowest ever numbers. SAD
President Obama, be cool, be smart, be sharp and FOCUS (no more March Madness), and you can beat Putin at his own game. IT CAN BE DONE!
While Putin is scheming and beaming on how to take over the World, President Obama is watching March Madness (basketball)!
I don't hate Obama at all, I just think he is an absolutely terrible president, maybe the worst in our history!
President Obama was able to fool the Americans by getting elected, but not able to fool Vladimir Putin. Too bad for us!
President Obama could totally solve the problem with Putin by demanding that Russia sign on to Obama Care, thereby destroying their economy!
Wow, Putin is really taking advantage of President Obama. It is important that Obama responds with strength and determination-be smart-cool!
"sdillam: real Donald Trump shuts down NBC’s MLauer: ‘Putin has eaten Obama’s lunch’  He's a spineless coward.
"Stand At The Ready: Putin has eaten Obama's lunch, therefore our lunch, for a long period of time. - real Donald Trump VERY TRUE!!! Tea Party"
AMAZING how the press protected President Obama when he did the so-called comedy routine with Zach G. He looked like a fool - they said cute
"sendit40 tried yr mobile app to check out yr hotel rates in Doral. App works effortlessly, is easy to use to book rooms" Unlike Obama Care
Actually I was very nice to Jimmy Carter during my standing room only (and standing ovation) speech for CPAC - stated better Pres. than Obama!
What do you think Obama will do when Putin seizes Alaska?
.Mitt Romney strongly stated, in one of the debates with Pres. OBAMA, that Russia is the big problem. Obama scoffed. Mitt was 100% correct!
Was President Obama in charge of this years Academy Awards - they remind me of the Obama Care website!  Oscars.
Obama just stated "he didn't take school seriously, made bad choices and GOT HIGH" - then how the hell did he get into Columbia and Harvard?
We could make America great again by spreading Obama Care throughout the World while at the same time  dropping it from U.S.!
Whether you like it or not, the Russians did a great job in hosting the Olympics! Remember when Obama went to Europe to get Olympics-fourth.
Russia beat the United States in the Olympics-another Obama embarrassment! Isn't it time that we turn things around and start kicking ass?
"mfantauzzo1: please save this country Mr. Trump, going to take a business genius to clean up Obamas mistakes. You got my vote!"
If Obama Care is such a wonderful law then why does Obama summarily  change the law before an election?
Wow, just in - Obama Care projected to cause large scale drop in jobs - even Dems are shocked by 2.5 million number. DISASTER!
CBO estimates over 2.3M jobs will be lost due to Obama Care  Elections have consequences.
Congrats to Pres.Obama and Dems. CBO has TRIPLED its estimate of working hours lost due to Obama Care  Job Killer
"Gfeorg: real Donald Trump President Obama should visit Macy's and buy some beautiful Trump silk ties."
Obama said in his SOTU that “global warming is a fact.” Sure, about as factual as “if you like your healthcare, you can keep it.”
Once Obama Care is fully enacted in NY, conveniently after 2014, expect higher premiums, bigger deductibles, and worse care. Job killer!
Welcome to the new reality! Moody’s just downgraded the entire US health insurance industry because of Obama Care.
I will be on the Mike and Mike Show on radio and ESPN-at about 6 to 7 A.M. We will be talking Super Bowl and sports-no Obama Care!
The Senate should immediately vote on the Iranian sanctions bill. What is the delay? Iran is already breaking its agreement with Obama
Watching Gates on seanhannity - looks like he got hit by a truck! Why didn't Obama get him, and others,to sign a confidentiality agreement?
"Sunflowers362: real Donald Trump I have been reviewing my options for this Obamacare it has me with sleepless nights. I'm worried!"
Whether you like Obama or not, Bob Gates turned out to be one disloyal dude! Personally, I hate rats.
"Jenylyn23: real Donald Trump what would be your first action as President?"  TO END OBAMACARE!
Now that the Obama Care website contractor has been terminated for obvious incompetence, is the person who hired them going to be fired?
President Obama just fired the Obama Care website builder. My question is, why were they hired in the first place? Sue them for damages!
"Jason Gandy: real Donald Trump Donald why the hell don't you run for President. Business genius unlike Barack Obama. 2016"
Why didn’t Gates resign if he was so unhappy about what he was being told by Obama? The fact is, Iraq etc. have always been disasters!
While I am a critic of President Obama, I hate it when someone (Robert Gates) writes a self serving negative book about his boss.
Welcome to the new Obama Care reality – Doctor spent 2 hours on hold w/insurance company to get approval for surgery 
It's Jan. 2. President Obama should end his vacation early and get back to Washington to straighten out the Obama Care catastrophe--or end it.
Secret Service members on break from Obama’s $4M vacation are more than welcomed to relax at Hawaii’s top hotel Trump Waikiki.
Guess what, folks--the Obama Care website just went down again. What a disaster.
It’s Friday. How many people have been forced off their plans and lost their doctors today because of Obama Care?
White House relaxes penalty for canceled health policies, a major blow  to the sustainability (and concept) of Obama Care! They are desperate
Obama Care Horror Story: “Navigators Tell Applicants To Lie Like Administration”  James OKeefe III  strikes again!
Can’t fool Americans. 57% of uninsured hate Obama Care  of this monstrosity.
Every day Pastor Saeed is imprisoned by Iran is an indictment on Obama’s ‘diplomacy.’ Save Saeed
Pres. Obama is about to embark on a 17 day vacation in his ‘native’ Hawaii, putting Secret Service away from families on Christmas. Aloha!
No cuts to welfare, no cuts to food stamps and NOT A SINGLE CUT TO OBAMACARE, yet the new budget cuts military benefits. Sad!
"moonorion: You very honorably tried to help freepastorsaeed when Obama abandoned another Christian. Stand up against AETV w us now!"
Alternatives are important but first Repubs must repeal Obama Care. It's an unsustainable monstrosity that's destroying our healthcare.
Benghazi is now a full blown training center for jihadists  Congratulations to the Obama administration.
Obama Care Story of the Day: “Florida Cancer Patient Loses Insurance During Treatment B/C of Obama Care” 
When crowley CNN defended Obama on Benghazi in the presidential debate, she was defending a complete lie 
Congrats to Pres.Obama on having 3 of washingtonpost's “biggest Pinocchios of the year”   Great accomplishment!
Under President Obama, do you think America will become a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY?
Who thinks that President Obama is totally incompetent?
President Obama and other world leaders don't know how close they were to being seriously injured (or worse) standing next to psycho in  SA.
Politi Fact’s Lie Of The Year is Obama’s if you like your health care plan, you can keep it. Wrong. It’s the lie of the decade.
How amazing, the State Health Director who verified copies of Obama’s “birth certificate” died in plane crash today. All others lived
Via Patheos Family by Bristols Blog:  "Trump Weighs In on Saeed: Obama 'Didn’t Even Ask'"  Thanks Bristol!
Via theblaze by Billy Hallowell:“DONALD TRUMP BLASTS OBAMA FOR FAILING TO SECURE CHRISTIAN PASTOR’S FREEDOM IN IRAN” 
President Obama's approval rating, at 38%, is at an all-time low. Gee, I wonder why?
"kasek_craig: Can someone please explain how my obamacare insurance is twice as expensive as my cancelled insurance.. can't afford this"
"YMatthews956                      Have u ever considered meeting w/ Obama? He might be open to your wisdom and business savvy." I doubt it!
Via worldnetdaily by Michael Carl7: “Trump: Obama blew chance to free U.S. pastor” 
WH claims it lied about Pres. Obama living with his uncle b/c “wasn’t mentioned in his book.” I guess Bill Ayers never knew about it!
Where’s the leadership? Obama only met with Sebelius ONCE since Obama Care passed    His signature legislation...
The Unaffordable Care Act, sometimes referred to as Obama Care, is not working. Millions of people are losing their plans and doctors-fraud!
Obama said he never met his uncle, Oscar, who was arrested for whatever. Turns out he lived with his uncle in Boston. SO MANY LIES!
Just got back to New York from California. Will be on Fox  and Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Obama Care and other disasters to be discussed
It's Friday. How much money has been wasted on defunct Obama Care website today?
The now $1.2B Obama Care website is as bad as ever-- insurers not getting the proper data. 
Iran has never had a better friend than Obama.
Wow, it’s now official. Obama Care website has topped $1B  Will soon be up to $1.5B
Congratulations to the White House. For every 1 Obama Care enrollment there are 44 cancellation notices. Very unfair!
"Amy Russo108: Thank God there is still someone in America that won't roll over for Obama and his ridiculousness! Sue the pants off NY AG!"
Wow, the Obama Care website, which President Obama said would be working TODAY, is a total mess with many functions not even thought about!
Today is the day that Obama Care website was supposed to be up and working. WRONG-website is closed down, a total disaster! 90 million doomed
Despite the fact that I have had great success with the words YOU'RE FIRED, I do not like firing people. But ZERO on Obama Care mess-no way!
Why doesn't President Obama simply apologize for telling a big fat lie, announce that Obama Care was a mistake, and deal a really great plan!
US froze $8B in Iranian assets during ’79 Hostage Crisis. Now Obama is giving it back to Iran while Christian Pastor is jailed. Don't do it!
The $1B failed website is the tip of the iceberg on the Obama Care. Over 90 million estimated will lose their plans next year.
President Obama said, over and over again, if you like your plan, you can keep your plan, PERIOD! This turned out to be a total lie-90 mill.
How does Obama rationalize giving Iran $8B in sanction relief when a Christian pastor is being tortured in an Iranian prison?
When do we sue the company-- for billions-- that robbed us in creating the hapless Obama Care website?
I can't believe no one has been fired over the Obama Care website fiasco!
President Obama is finally getting hammered, even by his most loyal supporters and the press-I guess they can only take so much!
New poll, WOW-53% say President Obama is not honest and trustworthy. What took them so long. Go back and look at his house purchase in Chicago
Why didn't Obama, as part of the negotiation, free the Christian Pastor Saeed Abedini?  
Obama is going to take away over 90M Americans’ healthcare plans but he is letting Iran keep its nukes. Just think about that.
Who would  you rather have negotiating with Iran--President Obama or Toronto Mayor Ford? My money is on Ford.
How much longer are we expected to put up with the world's most incompetent     leader - Obama Care, Iran, Syria, bads deals. JUST NEVER ENDS
I do not understand how so many of my Jewish friends backed Obama in the last election. He is a TOTAL DISASTER FOR ISRAEL-AND ALWAYS WILL BE
The people that gave you global warming are the same people that gave you Obama Care!
Young entrepreneurs – keep positive. Don’t let the Obama Care disaster stop your endeavors. There are great opportunities out there.
It’s Friday. How many millions has the White House wasted on the Obama Care website today?
Republicans have the right approach to Obama Care – let it fail.  Free market solutions will be embraced by Americans in 2016.
Thomas Jefferson wrote the Senate filibuster rule. Harry Reid and Obama killed it yesterday.  Rule was in effect for over 200 years.
Hypocrite. Watch Senator Obama defend "democratic debate' of Senate filibuster rules in 2005  
Emails prove WH knew Obama Care website wouldn't work in October -- why didn't they delay the launch?  
$1B down another $1B to go. Obama Care website is 40% unfinished. This is beyond pathetic.
The next Obama Care disaster will be doctors being dropped from plans.
Broken promises. A broken billion dollar website. Obama Care can’t be fixed. Repeal!
Priorities. While Obama wastes billions on a broken website, he is going to cut military pay  No surprise.
Just as I said last October, census workers cooked the job numbers for Obama right before the election 
Last October on meetthepress, chucktodd attacked jack_welch and I for saying Obama cooked the job number. Will he apologize?
President Obama played golf yesterday???
The polls have shown that DEAD PEOPLE voted for President Obama overwhelmingly and without hesitation - he must be doing something right!
Maybe some of the dead voters who helped get President Obama elected can be brought back to life after signing up for Obama Care.
"MArlo Amoriello1: real Donald Trump Donald we can't allow this country to become soft like Obama, and penn state! Please run in 2016 leader
"ISaid Know: AWESOME! RT  Again, more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in Obama Care. Congratulations America!”  Thanks!
Again, more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in Obama Care. Congratulations America!
The only deal the Republicans should accept is a complete repeal of Obama Care. You have them on the run - don't fold - go for it!
Did President Obama have a rough day yesterday, or what? He has got to start telling the truth - NO MORE LIES OR DECEPTION!
I'll be on gretawire On the Record tonight to talk about the Obama Care fiasco--7 pm on Fox News
Obama friend got a no-bid $635M contract to build website  And now she will get more to fix it.
More dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in Obama Care. Congratulations America!
Breaking news--negotiations with Iranians broke down because Obama insisted that they use Obama Care.
President Obama is the best thing that ever happened to Jimmy Carter!
The same people that built the Obama Care website used, as the face of the website, someone who is not a US citizen. Incompetent.
Can you believe it—the model who mysteriously disappeared from the Obama Care website is not a US citizen—she’s from Colombia.
Obama Care is on LIFE SUPPORT - it will soon be DEAD ON ARRIVAL - A bad concept that was imcompetently administered!
President Obama is under pressure from Democrats to undo his lie on Obama Care. His problem is that such a move would end Obama Care.
Obama Care is one of the worst political disasters of all time - 4,992,343 AMERICANS LOSING COVERAGE, LESS THAN 50,OOO NEW SIGNUPS.
James OKeefe III’s project_veritas has exposed the massive Obama Care fraud perpetuated by Navigator Programs 
"nicky0472: real Donald Trump The only ppl that still believe Obama did not lie r completely lost.  So true!
"World Reach Tech: greta Gotta respect Donald, Greta. If ever anyone nailed Obama for who and what he really is and has done it's Donald."
While I was in Moscow I see that President Obsma apologized for his lie, I mean statement, on Obama Care! How nice of him to be so forthright
The Republicans must be patient and smart - Obama Care could sweep them into office in far greater numbers than anyone ever thought possible!
If Justice Roberts had done the right thing and voted against Obama Care, our country would be in a lot better shape right now! TOTAL TURMOIL
If we could force Russia, China and other competitors to use Obama Care, we would be able to instantly destroy their great economic success!
Remember that I predicted a long time ago that President Obama will attack Iran because of his inability to negotiate properly-not skilled!
The Obama Care disaster will increase the amount of uninsured  What is the point of this Trillion $ monstrosity?
At least 3.5M fellow Americans are going to lose their healthcare plans because of Obama Care. Defund then repeal!
Congratulations to the $1B Obama Care website on enrolling FOUR in Delaware. Cost to us - $4M   
If Democrats do not start opposing Obama Care, and fast, Republicans will have a massive victory in 2014 - far greater than any predictions!
A level will be reached where Obama Care will be so out of control, expensive and unwieldy that the biggest supporters will abandon ship.
Prediction: The disaster known as Obama Care will only get worse and Republicans will gain far greater power than they have had in years!
Just sit back and watch, Obama Care is such a disaster it will fall like a house of broken cards. The website is the best part of this mess!
When Obama tried to tweak his previous statement on Obama Care he made it an even greater lie-even the Senate Democrats are angry with him!
Can you believe that the builder of the failed Obama Care website was just given a new government contract - how stupid is that - CLUELESS!!!
Not only does Obama spy on German leaders, he criticizes their trade surplus  We should have a trade surplus!
Revisionist history. Now Obama claims he never told us that everyone could keep their healthcare plans. Crazy!
Trump Vine on Obama Care website- 
I would gain a whole new respect for President Obama if he would say, "look, we made a big mistake, sorry!" No more lies or deception.
Lies and incompetence - the two words that are most closely associated with Obama Care!
Wow, just watching the news.Obama Care and the website are TOTALLY OUT OF CONTROL. Costs are through the roof. This could be ruinous to U.S.!
"andersengell: Love reading T's tweets concerning Obama Care. People might find him controversial, but Mr. Trump sure knows his stuff! pro"
The Obama Care website will cost over $1.5B when all is said and done. Crazy!
Hope and Change. Millions are losing their healthcare plans, and Obama Care is taking cancer patients’ doctors away 
"ellenmarie47: real Donald Trump jannunz7 I agree. This country needs a business man's sense and Obama does not have it."  SO TRUE!
Millions losing healthcare plans despite President Obama's promise that this WOULD NOT HAPPEN! What about a massive protest march on D.C.
Not only did the $1B Obama Care website not work, it can’t even protect your personal information  A disaster.
The Obama Care website is unfixable and  rumor has it that they will stop checks and balances—a free-for-all that will cost the country trillions
Isn't the WORLD tired of hearing President Obama say he knew nothing about anything-time to take responsibility for all of your mistakes!
How come Snowden and Obama Care have access to all records and information but don't have even the smallest tidbits on President Obama?
Obama Care is a disaster and Snowden is a spy who should be executed-but if it and he could reveal Obama's records,I might become a major fan
China just called. They want to lend Obama another $1B for the Obama Care web site.
Via WSJ: “The Obama Care Awakening: Americans are losing their coverage by political design.” 
If Obama was willing to lie about Obama Care then what else has he lied to us about…
It is now a FACT that President Obama lied in order to get Obama Care passed-that is fraud and the legislation should be recinded-INTERESTING
Congrats NBCInvestigates on revealing that Obama knew millions of Americans would lose their healthcare plans 
1.5M have already lost their health care plans thanks to Obama Care   Defund now and Repeal later!
Maybe if Obama knew too much about the spying it would be worse than knowing nothing - but either way it is just another disaster!
Does anybody really think that President Obama didn't know about our spying on the leaders of allies around the world - not possible!
Like your current health care plan? Too bad, you’re going to lose it under Obama Care. Hope, Change and a  300% Increase in Your Premium.
Contractors can blame Obama admin all day for their $600M failure but both parties are at fault--pay taxpayers back.
Sebelius didn't test $635M (probably $1B) Obama Care website until “a couple of days leading up to the launch.” 
I don’t know why our allies are so surprised Obama is tapping their phones? Nothing changes!
Time for Sebelius to be fired. She has admitted that the Administration did not vet the Obama Care website 
Thanks to Obama Care’s device tax, Boston Scientific plans to cut 1,500 jobs  Obama Care will kill ingenuity.
President Obama should bring Secretaty Sebelius into his office, look right into her beautiful blue eyes and say,with emotion, YOU'RE FIRED!
At this point the legacy of the Obama Administration will be, sadly, that of THE GANG THAT COULDN'T SHOOT STRAIGHT - what a pathetic mess!
Can you imagine the anger and disgust when the heads of other countries found out that their cell phones were being tapped by NSA.Obama mess
First Titantic sunk on its maiden voyage.Next the Hindenburg explodes on its first flight to America.Now we suffer the Obama Care rollout!
The Audacity of Ineptitude – Obama Care website will cost over $1B    When will someone finally be held accountable?
It was just determined that the woman who passed out at Obama’s press conference had just seen what her new premiums would be!
Where’s the accountability for the $635M website fiasco in the Obama administration? Heads should roll and officials should be fired
Why doesn't President Obama call upon the NSA to fix the badly broken website-then they could spy on all of the many cheaters and arrest them!
Honestly, whether you're for or against Obama Care, the 635 million dollar website fiasco is bad for the U.S. It makes us look totally inept!
Have time to waste? Go to the Obama Care website.
Doing an interview with Steve Deace Show. Discussing the Obama Care  web disaster. Be sure to listen 
"Orangeone4: Carrie_Wofford real Donald Trump Website designer HUGE Obama campaign donor. Can we say kickbacks?"
I would bet that we have many great American technology companies that would build and fix the pathetic Obama Care website for ZERO dollars!
Why doesn't President Obama just get the people from Google to fix the failed   website. In fact, why didn't he use them in the first place!
THE ROLLOUT OF OBAMACARE IS A TOTAL DISASTER AND AN EMBARRASSMENT TO OUR COUNTRY. THE WORLD IS WATCHING AND LAUGHING.$635,000,000 WEBSITE!
"Tony Turko: real Donald Trump NBC Report: White House Taking Obamacare Website Offline Again For “Repairs."
Just like its website, Obama Care is a disaster.Maybe all those who are fighting it are wasting their time-it will fail on its own!
Secy. Sebelius, who was responsible for the horrendous Obama Care rollout, should resign or be fired.Refuses to go before Congress to explain
"afrodeziak: Dan Amira real Donald Trump NYMag Unlike the rest of you libs, Mr. Trump will be just fine. He doesn't have Obamacare!"
Obama Care website fiasco was a SINGLE bid to a Canadian company - terrible!
The contract to build the Obama Care website was given to a CANADIAN company for $55, 744, 081. It then bloated to $292, 071,067 INCOMPETENCE
Obama administration is killing American industrial renaissance by stopping drilling and fracking. Terrible for economy.
Republicans seem intent on negotiating against themselves. Many senior Senators are doing Obama’s bidding. Can’t win this way.
Somebody got rich building the Obama Care website which doesn't even come close to working - where has the money gone?
I know a great deal about websites etc. but I am unable to understand how our government spent $635 million on the Obama Care site-and disaster
Weekly jobless claims soared to 21.5%, a 6 month high  Obama Care, the greatest job killer in US history.
Neanderthal Man1 Barack Obama Quickly.
piersmorgan   Watch CNN tonight as Piers and I discuss Obama, SHUTDOWN, leadership and many other topics of interest - 9 PM - 10 minutes!
Obama has called GOP terrorists during this showdown. It’s a shame he really doesn’t think it because then he would meet all GOP demands.
Obama is the most profligate deficit and debt spender in our nation’s history. Doubled debt (cont) 
"The fact that we are here today to debate raising America’s debt limit is a sign of leadership failure." - Sen. Obama, 3/16/06
Obama’s job approval is at 37%, a record low. GOP and Speaker Boehner have the leverage and momentum. Delay Obama Care for all Americans!
Obama can open the Mall for illegals to protest our country yet he continues to barricade WWII memorial. That’s an absolute disgrace.
If the U.S. Government doesn't give the money necessary for the burials of our military personnel, I will.The U.S. under Obama's leadership!
With President Obama it's all talk and no action. Our country is in desperate need of smart and decisive leadership before it is too late!
"Jose Conesa01: real Donald Trump It is time for REAL change. Donal J. Trump 2016. Obama, "you're FIRED""  Thanks for the nice words!
President Obama wants to change the name of the "White House" because it is highly discriminating and not at all politically correct!
Obama is tougher on WWII vets wanting to visit a DC memorial than Iran. He needs to show respect to our vets and not play games.
Government is shut down yet Obama is now harassing the privately owned Redskins to change its name.He needs to focus on his job!
"WRNSR: real Donald Trump Negotiations are non-existant, Obama needs to be sent a copy of "The Art of the Deal" (Maybe autographed)"
The Obama Administration has a very important duty to provide a budget - and then negotiate! OUR COUNTRY is a laughingstock!
While the Pres. of Iran tweets sweet nothings to Obama he forbids the Iranians to use twitter. Very revealing.
Obama has unilaterally and unconstitutionally drawn 4 Obama Care exemptions for his friends. All GOP wants is (cont) 
Total misnomer to call Obama Care ‘The Affordable Care Act.’ Affordable for whom besides big businesses and Congress w/their exemptions?
My Ora TV Politicking interview w/kingsthings on the govt. shutdown, Obama Care, Putin, 2016 and Trump Doral 
"Honey Badger210: real Donald Trump Remember when Obama said Bush raising the debt ceiling was "unpatriotic?"  RT!!!"
"Tony Cin Mo: “real Donald Trump: Obama administration had 4 years to prepare for the Obama Care rollout. And of course they failed miserably.”
Obama administration had 4 years to prepare for the Obama Care rollout. And of course they failed miserably.
Obama and the Democrats have no respect for WWII vets trying to get into the memorial.
Many Red-State Democrats sticking with Obama on deficit spending on the Obama Care monstrosity will be defeated in 2014.
Oil has been over $33/gallon for 34 months. A new record. And now with Obama’s war on coal, American families will be hit even harder.
“Study: Insurance costs to soar under Obamacare”  Men in NC get 305% hike. Women in NE suffer an average 237% hike.
Democrats refused to vote down their Obama Care subsidy. While Americans will be hit w/ rising premiums, Washington won’t feel any pain
The Obama Care disaster is in full swing. Websites are down, people can’t sign up and elderly can’t understand the lingo.
Can you imagine, with all of the talk about Obama Care, technical breakdowns made it a disastrous day. Our government is badly broken!
Remember when Obama promised “you can keep your health care plan?” Not in these 10 states.  Another lie.
Obama has not passed a single budget in 4 years. Democrats don’t even vote them in Congress. He has failed to lead!
Obama and the Democrats want this shutdown. They think it helps their electoral prospects for 2014. Don’t believe!
Must read editorial via IBDeditorials: "Obama Care's Bitter Irony: It May Increase Number Of Uninsured" 
Remember that in 2006 then Senator Obama voted NOT TO INCREASE THE DEBT CEILING. Now he acts in disbelief as others plan to do the same!
No one wants the government to shut down, but if Obama Care is fully implemented then our country will eventually shutdown anyway!
With proper thinking and leadership, we can have a much better plan than Obamacare - something that works for the people and costs much less
Obamacare is far toooo expensive, far toooo complicated (thousands of pages) and, most importantly, doesn't work. WE CAN DO MUCH BETTER!
"flwgolfs: real Donald Trump : I have heard Obama say , We can afford Obama care, America is a rich nation, we can afford it." No, not close
Spanish version of Obama Care website  delayed  Hitting google translate apparently too complicated. Make DCListen
On Monday, Obama Care kicks in with all goodies of 300% increased premiums, higher taxes and part-time replacement employees.
"Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction."- Ronald Reagan Make DCListen Defund Obama Care
7 million Americans are going to lose their jobs due to Obama Care. 46 million face 300% premium increases. DEFUND! Make DCListen
Both Obama administration and House leadership staffs are exempt from Obama Care. Why not the American people? Make DCListen
Obama Care will increase individual market premiums by 99% for men and 62% for women  DEFUND!! Make DCListen
If Obama Care is so amazing, then why is Obama delaying significant parts of the bill before the election? Make DCListen
Obama wanted to meet with the Iranian president, yet the Iranians denied the request. So much for Hope and Change.
Remember what I previously said--Obama will someday attack Iran in order to show how tough he is.
If Justice Roberts had made the correct decision on Obama Care, our country would not be in turmoil right now!
"Greek_Boy_21: real Donald Trump if we don't defund Obamacare the USA will never have the freedom. we will be controlled by our Government
It’s a shame the ruling class of Republicans don’t attack Obama and the Democrats the way they hit Senators Cruz and Lee.
Less than one week away from implementation, Obama Care’s small business exchanges are not ready! A disaster!
Obama promised premiums would lower $2,500/yr for family of 4. In truth, healthcare will increase by $7,450 
Obama told the UN that “the world is more stable than it was 5 years ago.” Is he delusional?
Obama’s coal regulations will destroy the coal industry, put Americans out of work, raise electricity prices and lead to blackouts.
The Democrats in Congress don’t want Obama Care for themselves or big businesses. So why are they forcing it on the American people?
"Warren Buffett insists that without changes to Obamacare average citizens will suffer.” 
"hitillidie: real Donald Trump no George Buch did that". George Bush gave us Obama!
Republicans must unite to defund Obamacare - it will drive our country into oblivion and, by the way, the healthcare is no good anyway!
Welcome to the new reality. 23,116,928 US households on food stamps  Obama's Hope and Change.
Americans by and large hate Obama Care. They see Obama lied to get it passed. They see big business and gov’t got waivers. Defund!
Congratulations to Speaker Boehner on standing strong and tying government shutdown to defunding Obama Care.
President Obama must remember that the worst thing you can do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. Be cool, move slowly - and think! IRAN
President Obama seems so fawning and desperate to make a deal with Iran that lots of bad results can occur. Be cool and be careful!
Lightweight Schneiderman's suit was filed on a Saturday (unheard of) against a school with a 98% approval rating right after Obama meeting.
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman meets with President Obama (who he told me "sucks" as a president), and quickly files a suit against me!
seanhannity  Defund Obamacare!
.RNC leadership should not be afraid of a government shutdown. They should be afraid of not defunding Obama Care.
Only 15 days until Obama Care is implemented. Congress must waive the monstrosity for regular Americans. Why should they be punished?
Bashar Assad is stronger today than he was before Obama threatened military action. Obama really bungled this.
I predict that President Obama will at some point attack Iran in order to save face!
Great column by David Bossie at Breitbart News: “A Battle Won but the War Continues to Defund Obama Care” 
When I say I would end Obamacare, I would also come up with a plan that would be far better, much easier to understand, and cost less!
"Jeremyr Lack: real Donald Trump what would your first act in office be?"  To end Obamacare.
I truly hope President Obama doesn't do something irrational and dangerous for our country in order to save face. He must sit back and chill
Obama is now warning North Korea on the Yongbyon nuclear reactor  After Syria, our enemies are laughing!
Most people do not know what Presient Obama is going to do to save his legacy. I do! He's got to get back to basics.Forget Syria-FIX THE USA
NO GAMES! HOUSE GOP MUST DEFUND OBAMACARE! IF THEY DON’T, THEN THEY OWN IT!
Now Assad is demanding that Obama stop supporting the rebels before he turns over his chemical weapons. What a mess!
Must read piece by Daniel Pipes: “Obama's Diplomatic Acrobatics” 
Obama must now start focusing on OUR COUNTRY, jobs, healthcare and all of our many problems. Forget Syria and make America great again!
The only reason Obama gave a speech last night was because it was on the schedule-Putin is laughing and the reviews have been really bad!
"bingham_tammy: real Donald Trump why wasn't Obama more concerned w/Benghazi americans killed. Syria not our business"
Will be covering President Obama's speech at 9.00 on Twitter-you are all so lucky!
"obamafraudulent: real Donald Trump d18mt2 The birth certificate that you forced Obama to show is a computer generated forgery.
"Jay Lefler: real Donald Trump Putin is much smarter than Obama. No surprise his tactics."
Red line statement was a disaster for President Obama.
This new Russian strategy guarantees victory for the Syrian government-and makes Obama and U.S. look hopelessly bad. President in trouble!
Frankie_Rap                "Cant wait to hear what real Donald Trump has to say about Obama's speech tonight!"I'll be tweeting during speech
bahia6085                 "real Donald Trump Can you imagine Obama running his own business? How sad would that be?" You never know!
Obama and Kerry are bungling Syria by the hour. They have set America’s deterrence and stature back by years. Amateurs!
For all of my millions of followers, and at your request, I will be tweeting tonight during President Obama’s speech!  9pm ET
"andfor1: “Toure: real Donald Trump Syria is a complex and dynamic situation. No one would expect you to comprehend it.” Nor Obama! So true
Now Obama has set red line 2 with demand that Assad hands over Syria’s chemical weapons or it will face an attack.
Why are we fighting for the "rebels" that hate us-only to save face for Obama!
"skqush: real Donald Trump Barack Obama wears ua line of shirts too even if you don't agree wit his leadership style!"  Very cute.
"gretawire: Pres Obama is not busy talking to Congress about Syria..he is playing golf ...go figure"
Do you notice that nobody is talking about the many scandals of the Obama administration anymore - The Teflon President!
President Obama, do not attack Syria. There is no upside and tremendous downside. Save your "powder" for another (and more important) day!
Isn't it intetesting that anybody who attacks President Obama is considered a racist by the real racists out there!
I'm a Republican but not a fan of the last George Bush-he also was a lousy President (Iraq etc.). In fact, he was so bad he gave us Obama!
If Syria was forced to use Obamacare they would self-destruct without a shot being fired. Obama should sell them that idea!
"Garry Greiner: real Donald Trump We should send Obama and Congress to Syria!"
Obama is not a leader, he's just a campaigner!
Russia is sending a fleet of ships to the Mediterranean. Obama’s war in Syria has the potential to widen into a worldwide conflict.
If President Obama was going to attack Syria, he should’ve done it a long time ago as a surprise and not after (cont) 
The only reason President Obama wants to attack Syria is to save face over his very dumb RED LINE statement. Do NOT attack Syria,fix U.S.A.
President Obama put himself in a very bad position when he talked about Syria crossing the RED LINE. Amazingly, now he denies he said that!
.GOP must stay focused on defunding Obama Care and the impending budget battle. Don’t let Syria rule the agenda.
"David AGoodman: real Donald Trump:How can General Dempsey tell Obama delaying Syria bombardment will have no consequences?  He's no Patton!
"Nattie Bright: real Donald Trump If u r so disappointed at Obama why don't u run for president in 2016!"  Watch!
Elections have consequences. Obama just published “final regulations for Obama Care’s individual mandate”  Enjoy!
How can General Martin Dempsey tell Obama that delaying the Syria bombardment will have no consequences? He is no Patton or Mac Arthur.
China, OPEC and Russia laugh at us. But now thanks to Obama so does Syria. Very sad!
Enjoy the ratings of President Obama. 
"thobane63: real Donald Trump why the hell are you always criticising Obama"  Because he is doing a terrible, in fact embarrassing, job!
President Obama's "Arab Spring" is not looking so good right now!
"Tarek R: real Donald Trump If you ever become president of the US, what would be your first step?"  Get rid of Obamacare!
In war, the elememt of surprise is sooooo important.What the hell is Obama doing.
"Swag Daddy Yol0: Why isn't real Donald Trump president instead of Obama ??"  That is truly a good question!
President Obama's weakness and indecision may have saved us from doing a horrible and very costly (in more ways than money) attack on Syria!
"Timi_fel: real Donald Trump You always have something negative to say about Obama ,dont you?"  Yes!
"i Raza Ali Shah: real Donald Trump - Donald you are anti-Obama no matter what Obama does, you will take the opposite view.  WRONG-all on merit
"dickquinn: real Donald Trump Obviously amateur hour at the WH. Obama was unqualified when he ran and remains so."
Did anyone notice that Obama failed to get a coalition of other countries to go along with us. He couldn't even get Britain! NO LEADERSHIP.
"jayneg53: real Donald Trump can't say Obama doesn't know how to throw a polite war!"  General Patton would not be happy right now!
Obama now just wants to save face, Russia is now telling him "don't do it". He waited too long and the other side is much better prepared.
If Obama attacks Syria and innocent civilians are hurt and killed, he and the U.S. will look very bad!
What will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? Obama needs Congressional approval.
icer100                      "real Donald Trump icer100 Remember Obama so loved the poor he created millions more!" Interesting!
"voicelikeariot_: real Donald Trump "washingtonpost: Why Obama is giving up the element of surprise in Syria" Perhaps because he is stupid?
Why would anyone think Obama would attack Syria the day of his speech in Washington. He doesn't want to detract from his press and glory.
The misery of Obama’s economic policies. US households with unemployed parent was at record high in 2011 
There has been a systematic targeting of the Tea Party by the Obama administration. Now Schneiderman goes after me. No coincidence.
The lightweight hack Schneiderman told Ivanka that the “case is weak" and more.  Meets with Obama and then files one day later.
d_murphy13                    "real Donald Trump purely a political move if he met w/Obama,Mr.Trump please put the heat on this clown show!"
See Schneiderman admit he spoke with Obama about “ongoing investigations." 
Thug Politics. Lightweight hack Schneiderman meets with Obama on Thursday, then brings frivolous suit on Saturday.
My foxandfriends int. destroying Schneiderman’s frivolous suit which he brought after meeting Obama on Thurs. 
Via Am Spec by Jeffrey Lord: “New Obama Scandal Erupts: Trump Targeted” 
Wow, l just found out that A.G. Schneiderman met with President Obama in Syracuse on Thursday --- and sued me on Saturday! Same as IRS etc.
What did our very stupid and ineffective A.G. Eric Schneidean, during his trips to MY office, tell me about President Obama and Governor Cuomo?
People should be proud of the fact that I got Obama to release his birth certificate, which in a recent book he “miraculously” found.
Why are people upset w/ me over Pres Obama’s birth certificate?I got him to release it, or whatever it was, when nobody else could!
One of Obama’s greatest failures will be his legacy of making millions completely dependent on government handouts, not work.
Congress must defund Obama Care.  It is destroying Medicare and breaking promises to our Seniors, including veterans.
Glad to see that the Egyptian Army is releasing Mubarek. As we see, Obama never should have abandoned him. He was an ally.
Obama Care is an absolute disaster which will destroy 16% of the economy and ultimately more!
Obama’s own gun study proves gun control is ineffective  BIZPACReview
"bat211: real Donald Trump capetown58 Obama wanted Mubarak out and his pals from Muslim brotherhood in. As usual what he does is a disaster
Obama' ststement on Egypt was terrible and dumb-now being used by military as a rallying cry-our foreign policy is worst in U.S. history.
Fact: without Texas and states reaping the fracking boom, Obama’s job record would go from bad to worse!
"IND_Colts_Fan: real Donald Trump if President, what would be your 1st order of business?"Terminate Obamacare!
Republicans have very strong hand in their fight against Obamacare-lets see if they are willing and able to play it "tuff"!
Obama has exempted businesses, his staff and all of Congress from Obama Care.  Why is he still forcing the monstrosity on the U.S.?
.Sen Mike Lee refuted every point Karl 1.6% Rove made on the need to defund Obama Care.Must listen  The Right Scoop
"k_monchk: Obama!! Is gonna knock real Donald Trump to the ground on a debate."  He woild.have no chance -lets go!
"CBauer71: I would pay to see real Donald Trump debate Obama!!"  OK with me!
If the gov't shuts down, it is because Obama wants to make working Americans buy Obama Care while businesses and gov't are exempt.
FACT – the reason why Americans have to worry about a government shutdown is because Obama refuses to pass a budget.
Obama should meet with Putin snd convince him to do what is good for the U.S.  It's called good dealmaking or, simply, leadership! Cajole.
Do as I say, not as I do. Obama just granted a special Obama Care exemption for all Congress  All are hypocrites!
Isn't it sad the way Putin is toying with Obama regarding Snowden. We look weak and pathetic. Could not happen with.a strong leader!
A sad day for America with Snowden being granted asylum in Russia.  Putin is laughing at Obama.
"Durango Rick: 1986Fed "Obama needs to listen to real Donald Trump" - Nope, Trump2016 must do it. Obama clueless and in over his big head."
"1986Fed: Obama needs to listen to real Donald Trump so we can turn things around economically !!"  So true, and it would be sooooo easy!
Obama believes Benghazi is a “phony scandal.”  Nothing phony about Americans being killed by Islamists.
Great piece by EWErickson Red State exposing how Karl 1.6% Rove cooked a poll in support of Obama Care 
"MS_Landshark: real Donald Trump AMuller65 No I can't say I see it, I don't see the U.S as a major player ever again. Thanks to Obama"Wrong
My gretawire int. on Obama’s falling poll numbers, Americans losing incentive to work and Weiner’s sexting 
Sonsof Reagan                  "real Donald Trump Please post a Daily Vine saying 'Obama You're Fired'! Thank You!"
Today Obama will give another speech on the economy. Tomorrow our country will still be $17T+ in debt with 18% real unemployment.
I am doing Greta tonight on Fox - talking about Obama Care and pervert Anthony Wiener!  10 P.M.
Our GDP has been growing less than 2% for the last 5 years.  Obama Care will slow us down even more.  Has to be repealed.
In oreillyfactor’s No Spin Zone re: Obama Care causing unemployment, negotiating with China and my $5M court win 
Must watch – owner of a single restaurant anticipates that Obama Care will cost over $1M for compliance 
.GOP congress needs to actually defund Obama Care, not waste time passing non-binding resolutions.
Obama will eventually approve the Keystone XL pipeline--has to happen but it is very late!
Obama Care will cost 3 times as much as Obama promised – $2.6T  It is not sustainable. (h/t gatewaypundit)
"Shawn WHughes: real Donald Trump Barack Obama has turned the USA into a laughing stock around the world."
Why should Obama Care be delayed for businesses and not working families?  With premiums rising at record levels, it is not equitable.
Just as I predicted, Obama Care is a complete disaster which is failing on its own. May never be fully implemented.
Via Breitbart News biggovt by mboyle1: “EXCLUSIVE: NEVER-AIRED 'APPRENTICE' PARODY OF TRUMP FIRING OBAMA” 
‎In anticipation of Obama Care, part-time jobs are surging and full-time jobs are falling and becoming scarce 
Obama-Putin Moscow meeting on 9.3-4  On the agenda, 2013 Trump Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow on 11.9, on nbc!
In 2011 I said that Mubarak never should have been ousted because whoever replaces him will be worse.  Obama made a mistake.
Wow, Obama Care just got delayed by over a year because it is so complicated it cannot be understood - the beginning of the end!
"Jeromeister: Really real Donald Trump, are you sure "Every penny of the $7 billion going to Africa as per Obama will be stolen". Just 97%.
Yesterday Obama compared Nelson Mandela to George Washington in Africa. Do you think he really believes it?
Millions protesting in Egypt for Morsi’s ouster  When will Obama demand Morsi’s resignation as he did to Mubarak
Every penny of the $7 billion going to Africa as per Obama will be stolen - corruption is rampant!
"Durango Rick: real Donald Trump Thoughts on Obama pledging 7B US $$ "to unleash the power of entrepreneurship.. in Africa”??"   Crazy!
"Metal Mad Sean: real Donald Trump Your thoughts on Obama's trip to Africa?"  A total waste of taxpayers money! $100 million.
Obama’s carbon tax plan will finance more windmills in America. More real estate depreciated, wildlife killed, incl. bald eagles
Whether you like it or not, Bush also gave us Obama!
Obama Care could "eat up your raise"  Why isn't Congress defunding it? They're obsessed with amnesty.
China loved Obama’s climate change speech yesterday. They laughed! It hastens their takeover of us as the leading world economy.
Obama’s speech on climate change was scary. It will lower our standard of living and raise costs of fuel and food for everyone.
Our debt is about to top $17T. Obama Care and China (and others) are killing American business.
We are being embarrassed by Russia and China on Snowden (and much more) yet Obama is talking about global warming on Tuesday.
My people caught the person who committed "forgery" of the James Gandolfini-Obama Care phoney quote attributed to me-fraud. Arrest coming?
We know who did the hoax of James Gandolfini and Obama Care. Be careful, Mister.
I never made the ridiculous comment about James G. and Obama Care - somebody else put it out and attributed it to me. Not my style!
My gretawire int. on Obama scandals not resonating, no retribution on Benghazi, Obama not being engaged 
"Tommyguns11: real Donald Trump Obama arming Syrian rebels is a travesty and an embarassment to the US! What would YOU do?"  Stay out!
Is it a coincidence that the Middle East has blown up since Obama became president?
Why isn’t the GOP congress doing everything possible to defund and cut Obama Care?
With so many scandals plaguing Obama, it seems that they all hit him at the right time. Could help him get away w/ all of them.
"Riddzey32: Barack Obama 2-Day is Coach Lombardi 100th B-Day! Research him and learn how to be a True Leader real Donald Trump"  Great coach!
A coincidence that the NSA leaker is living openly in Hong Kong?! At the same time the Chinese Pres. met with Obama in CA.
Pres. Obama is meeting with China’s Pres. this week  He will get zero deliverables. China laughs at us.
China has done great under Obama. Increased private US holdings by 500%. Hacks our military and RandD. Robs us blind daily.timetogettough
House GOP better get its act together.Defund Obama Care. Out negotiate on debt ceiling. Form commissions on Benghazi and IRS. No excuses!
Obama wants to unilaterally put a no-fly zone in Syria to protect Al Qaeda Islamists  Syria is NOT our problem.
The new amnesty bill is over 1000 pages.  It is another monstrosity a la Obama Care.
I commend Roger Ailes for publicly supporting Fox News’ employees against the Obama administration's intimidation of its reporters.
"Smerwickman: real Donald Trump Iraq was a mistake but how was Obama responsible?  He should have and could have gotten out much sooner!
"infinitys_edge: real Donald Trump I'm in the Billion Dollar coalfields and thanks to Obama I can't even leave the house I'm so broke.
"Gangster Danny G1: real Donald Trump What was Bush and Obama's biggest mistake."  The lives and $1.5 trillion spent on Iraq-which is failing.
"0unicornchris0: real Donald Trump please please run for president"  Well, it ain't working with Obama!
"koneslager: real Donald Trump during your inaugural address tell Obama "You're Fired!"  Stranger things have happened!
WH counsel met with IRS lawyer 3x in 2012, once in September  But Obama just learned through news reports?
Very sad that Republican donors were targeted by Obama’s IRS.
Isn’t it amazing that Obama “never knew” about the IRS scandals until he saw it in the news?!
Shock - Obama WH given three pinocchios for lying about Benghazi emails 
We may get out of Obama Care because the train wreck is impossible to implement   It is a disaster.
Ina Maziarcz    Obama put up nothing, zilch!
How badly will the Country be hurt by the three scandals and the very poor implementation and cost of Obama Care?
Why didn't President Obama just go inside when it started raining yesterday - common sense! The two Marines looked very uncomfortable-and wet.
Enviro friendly? "AP IMPACT: Obama administration allows wind farms to kill eagles, birds despite federal laws" 
"Chris Leahey1: real Donald Trump Do you see President Obama surviving these scandals ?"  Sadly yes, but he will never be the same!
Obama Care is already done. HHS Sec. Sebelius is trying to force private companies to finance implementation 
Obama and his people did a brilliant job of delaying these scandals until after the election. Mitt must be going wild thinking about it!
If these scandals happened before the election, Obama could not have won.
Benghazi. Obama lied. Our people died.
"Chris_Nima: real Donald Trump Would you rather have a 3rd Obama term or make out with Rosie??"  I'll take the third term!
"samflaherty_: real Donald Trump I'd bet my life savings Obama has a higher IQ than you"  You would lose!
"Josh Rosenfield: .real Donald Trump And yet he refuses to release his IQ results to the public. WHAT ARE YOU HIDING, MR. TRUMP." Ask Obama!
My gretawire int. discussing business difficulties with Obama Care and how it is stopping businesses from hiring 
My foxandfriends int. on Benghazi cover up, the Obama Care mess and firing The Real Marilu  on Apprentice NBC  
Now Ron Wyden is also “concerned” about Obama Care along with Max Baucus  Program may fold through its own doing.
Obama’s goal of 1 million electric car sales is a little off, by over 910,000   $100B of our money wasted!
"anthonyeding: No doubt the real Donald Trump would have been a better president than Obama"   TRUE!
Obama Care is a disaster. Americans will see record increases in their premiums and inferior care services.
"gharo34: real Donald Trump Not only is your IQ somewhere between Barack Obama and G.W.Bush...but you're entertaining!"Much higher than both
Does Bush’s library have a wing featuring Supreme Court Justice Jon Robert’s Obama Care ruling? Roberts was his prize appointee!
Do as I say, not as I do.The politicians who passed Obama Care are now exempting themselves from the monstrosity 
House Republicans should be doing everything possible to defund Obama Care.  Instead Leadership is funding it 
We need another Bush in office about as much as we need Obama to have a 3rd term.  No more Bushes!
Dangerous. While Obama is cutting down our military, China has announced plans to build more aircraft carriers 
After tearing W Bush down for 12 years, now the media loves him. Why not? He gave them Obama.
Abtheproducer Maybe Obama?
Sen. Max Baucus has announced his retirement. A major proponent of Obama Care, Baucus now says it’s a ‘huge train wreck.’
The Boston killer applying today for Obama Care. He demands that medical bills be taken care of immediately. Does this include dental?
Will Barack Obama personally read the Boston terrorist his Miranda Rights?
 Trump: 'Is the Boston Killer Eligible for Obama Care to Bring Him Back to Health?' 
"Doctor_Trey: real Donald Trump I say if Obama is so set on universal background checks, we run a background check on him." Very interesting
If the Boston killer applies for Obama Care the paperwork will be too complicated for him to understand!
Is the Boston killer eligible for Obama Care to bring him back to health?
The reality is that no gun bill will ever stop tragedies.  And as we have learned from Obama Care, Washington only makes things worse!
Obama’s $1T+ deficit budget expanded welfare and green cronyism and it cut domestic bomb prevention in half 
It is terrible that neither Obama, Biden nor Kerry attended Lady Thatcher’s funeral. They would all run to Muslim Brotherhood Morsi’s.
In case you missed it, my gretawire interview on Obama's IRA rate cut hurting savings and economic growth 
My foxandfriends interview re: Ivanka Trump's pregnancy, my grandchildren, Obama's 18% tax rate and Obamacare 
"wallsburg: real Donald Trump Grow a pair Donald. Admit you were wrong to support Obama in 08."  Moron, I never supported Obama in 08.
"Hogmanjem Jack: real Donald Trump After Obama bailed out GM for $80 Billion, 7 out of 10 GM cars made in China!"
I talk about Obamacare in today's Trump Vlog- 
"wallsburg: real Donald Trump Why did you support Obama in 08?" I didn't dummy!
"ctobin22: real Donald Trump if u were to suggest 1 most important thing to president Obama would b??"  Leadership!
Obama’s budget spends $2B making our navy ships algae-powered  The strong world is laughing at us.
Obama’s proposed budget has another middle class tax hike  Enjoy!
Only 88,000 jobs were added this past March. Prediction was 190,000. Businesses can’t expand with Obama Care and high taxes on horizon.
Obama just bought the Afghan Police $288M in ammo   Make no mistake,  some of these will be shot at our troops.
"Millions Could Get Surprise Tax Bills Under ‘Obamacare’ If They Don’t Accurately Project Their Income"  \
Obama has now become the weakest POTUS against China, yuan just hit record high against dollar   Very sad!
Even the liberal CRS is now reporting Obama Care will cause 200% premium increases    Surprised? Newsmax_Media
"CTrain_: real Donald Trump Honestly who gives a shit where Obama was born? It's where he lives now that's the problem"    Interesting!!!!
Make no mistake, Obamacare is the first step towards changing our health system into single payer. Just a disaster.
Amnesty is suicide for Republicans.Not one of those 12 million who broke our laws will vote Republican.Obama is laughing at GOP.
.hardball_chris became a super liberal Obama fan only because he must need the money--and on MSNBC that’s the way it is.
"Americans may no longer have access to their family doctors because of Obamacare."  via Newsmax_Media
.TPNNtweets "Donald Trump Tells A Fascinating Inside Story About His Dealings w/ The Obama WH"  johnhawkinsrwn
Via Daily Caller: "Donald Trump: Obama should golf w/ Republicans, not his ‘local friends’"  by Nicholas Ballasy
jheil at NYMag is such a pathetic reporter who doesn’t want to know the truth. A total Obama flunky and hack.
Via Daily Caller: "Trump on Obama and Congress: ‘Lock them up’ in a room like Vatican conclave"  by Nicholas Ballasy
Obama hasn't released a budget in over 2 years and for the 1st time House and Senate delivered budgets before him 
Wow--just 1 day after my offer to fund all WH tours "Obama backtracks on decision to cancel all White House tours” ...
According to new WPOST-ABC poll, Obama has just lost 14 points on public trust with economy
"Obama Spurns Trump Offer to Foot White House Tours"  via Newsmax_Media
Hamas has warned Pres. Obama not to visit the Temple Mount during his trip to Israel 
Our economy has had worst recovery under Obama since the Depression. Results of his policies speak for themselves. No new taxes!
Only the Obama WH can get away with attacking Bob Woodward.
One good aspect of the Obama depression is that it will separate the winners from the losers. If you can make it now, you deserve it!
Isn’t it ironic that President Obama, of all people, is pushing for ‘universal background checks?!'
What is wrong with the GOP? Now they want to give all authority on the sequester cuts to Obama  Pathetic.
My interview w/ Wendy Williams on Wendy Show discussing Michelle Obama's bangs and All-Star Celeb Apprentice !
You have to feel bad for the Democrat Senators.  They don’t want Hagel either.  Just following Obama’s orders.
... and all Obama is concerned about stopping them doing is buying wind farms 
Obama is finally stopping the Chinese from buying something in America – windfarms   What a joke!
The $85B sequester is just 2% of Obama's $3.5T record deficit spending budget.  Our leaders are ruining our children's future.
Must read column by Bob Woodward explaining how Obama pushed for sequestration and promised no tax increase 
Obama is making speeches excoriating the Republicans, and they never answer back. Why aren’t they fighting?
The media is so in the tank for Obama that it is amazing—the funny thing is, he can’t stand them!
How did you like Michelle Obama’s bangs last night?
Despite all the statements to the contrary, Obama’s policies will increase taxes on everyone   Enjoy!
My foxandfriends interview discussing Pres. Obama playing golf w/Tiger Woods, US Airways-American merger and oil 
Obama vacationing in West Palm Beach starting tomorrow. He should play a round at Trump Int'l Golf Club - 1 rated course in Florida.
“Trump: Rove Gave Us Obama”  via cnsnews
My marklevinshow interview discussing Obama's SOTU, Rove's attack on the  Tea Party and All-Star Apprentice NBC 
What a shock – higher taxes are slowing retail spending   Wait until 2014 when Obama Care is fully implemented.
79Rose79 I was never a big fan of Bush--he gave us Obama.
.Sen Rand Paul’s Tea Party rebuttal to Obama’s SOTU explained why limited government promotes freedom. Well done!
Preview of Obama’s SOTU: More taxes, bigger government, shrink the private sector, end the Republicans and bankrupt the country. Enjoy!
I endorsed a book on Obama Care and it just went to 2 on the New York Times bestseller list!
Can you imagine if billmaher said about Obama what he said about me (orangutan etc)—the press would run him out of the country...
.Karl Rove is far more to blame for Obama's victory than the Tea Party.
I don’t like bullies.  I am not going to stand around and watch Karl Rove target the Tea Party.  Karl Rove gave us Barack Obama. Loser.
See the Ashley Judd ad by karlrove and you will definitely vote for her and love Obama.
karlrove Ashley Judd ad makes her and Obama look great...nobody wastes money like Karl Rove!
Obama can kill Americans at will with drones but waterboarding is not allowed—only in America!
Just as I predicted, immigration reform will increase the cost of Obama Care over $300B  More money borrowed from China.
China is buying our shale and gas fields  and Obama still won’t approve Keystone  Pathetic!
mala13slp Barack Obama  True!
Obama's speech in Las Vegas yesterday cost the taxpayer $520 per word and over $1.6M    More money borrowed from China.
Just as I predicted, people are going to be shocked by the rise in premium prices thanks to Obama Care   Enjoy!
I wonder how Joe Biden feels after last night’s love fest between Obama and Hilary on 60Minutes. Can’t be too happy.
“60 Minutes” treats President Obama with kid gloves--- Mike Wallace is spinning in his grave!
President Obama's inaugural had record low ratings. What does that portend?
The Republicans better be careful.  Obama is out to destroy them!
Watch Obama push major global warming legislation early in his second term...
Health insurance premiums are rising by double digits   Another tax to the consumer by Obama Care.  Enjoy!
Exxon donated $250g to Obama's inaugural  I guess the Democrats have no problem accepting money from 'big oil.'
Scary. Over 8,332,000 Americans left the work force during Obama's first term  How did Romney lose that election?
Has Pres. Obama or the White House told the public what happened in Algeria yet?  Where’s the media?
Just Joanne247 Barack Obama  Of course I do--for good of country!
Kaszie Barack Obama Casandra--It's not--thanks.
tubby511 Barack Obama  He is too smart to do that!
Torres Terrell Barack Obama  Thanks!
Coteter Barack Obama  Just success for our country!
Part of Obama’s new-found confidence is that the Republicans aren’t using their power of ideas properly or effectively.
Obama’s speech indicates he wants to change this country as we know it--wow, he really feels emboldened.
Obama’s second term is going to very tough for the Republicans.  The Republicans must pick their battles wisely and play smart.
My foxandfriends interview discussing Pres. Obama’s inauguration, GOP debt plan and Celeb Apprentice 1 branding 
...Whether you are a Republican or Democrat we should hope that Pres. Barack Obama  does a great job for the country.
I wish President Barack Obama the best of luck in his second term...
China watched Obama’s press conference yesterday salivating.  We will be borrowing trillions more from them.
Our country, under President Obama, is on life support! Great leaders must bring people together.
Where’s the press?  1,484: 72% of Afghan Casualties Have Occurred Under Obama 
I agree with Pres. Obama on Afghanistan.  We should have a speedy withdrawal.  Why should we keep wasting our money -- rebuild the U.S.!
Just as I predicted, today Obama called for even more tax increases.  The Republicans played right into his hands and blew their cards.
Remember, as a senator, Obama did not vote for increasing the debt ceiling   I guess things change when President?!
Can you imagine if Obama had to give today's press conference before the election? He would have lost.  GOP really blew it.
Scary. President Obama told Boehner that the government doesn't have a spending problem  
This is how it starts. Obama is now threatening to use an Executive Order for gun control  Welcome to his 2nd term.
Hagel has been endorsed by China  and Iran   for SOD.  Welcome to Obama's second term!
The Iranians are sure happy with Obama’s nomination of Hagel.  Already praising Hagel as ‘Anti-Israel’ 
Why would Obama ever nominate someone for Sec. of Defense who opposes sanctions against Iran when Obama claims to support them?
Nominating Chuck Hagel for SOD is the wrong move for Obama.  He doesn’t need the fight.  Too much political capital will be wasted.
I hope the Republicans are happy.  Just as I predicted, that stupid deal they voted for only whetted Obama’s appetite for more taxes.
I’ll bet Obama now uses the amendment for the debt ceiling.
ahm1038  They just acted but it was Obama that promised!
So Obama and Congress can waste billions in Iraq and Afghanistan building roads and schools but can’t get money to the NJ and NY Sandy victims?
This ‘deal’ RNC voted for has $41 in tax increases for every $1 in spending cuts.  It is pathetic.  Obama is laughing at them.
Make sure you realize that this ‘deal’ is only a stop gap measure.Obama will be looking to raise even more taxes in the coming negotiation..
Obama's deal raises taxes on 77% of national households.  With Obama Care taxes kicking in now, everyone will be paying for his 2nd term.
My foxandfriends interview from Monday discussing Obama’s tone, going over the curb and Republican debt ceiling card 
Obama and the Democrats are laughing at the deal they just made...the Republicans got nothing!
Once again Obama is going to lose on another prospective nomination. Chuck Hagel will not be named Sec. of Defense--and probably shouldn't be.
Obama wants taxes to go up so he can take credit for lowering them next year.
“Donald Trump on Fiscal Cliff and Obama”  via Livetradingnews
President Obama spoke for me and every American in his remarks in Newtown Connecticut.
We are way over the fiscal cliff.  And with Obama Care being fully implemented in less than 14 months, it may be too late.
I am happy to hear that Pres.Obama is considering giving Anna Wintour voguemagazine an ambassadorship.  She is a winner and really smart!
Obama is laughing at Karl Rove and all the losers who spent hundreds of millions of dollars and didn’t win one race, including the big one!
Obama is totally “tweaking” the Republicans because he doesn’t respect them—they’ve got to change their ways.
As I said on foxandfriends this a.m., you have to give Obama credit—he won! ...
My kids never negatively discussed my criticism of President Obama with me or anyone...it's not in their nature!
The dying NY Daily News put out a false report about my kids not wanting me to criticize Obama...totally false!
Pres. Obama’s steady support of Israel throughout this crisis helped stop the war.  He did a good job.
Obama met with Chinese Premier Wen yesterday   and talked trade. The Chinese are robbing us blind--be tough!
“We are fully supportive of Israel's right to defend itself.” -- Barack Obama --Very good, I like it.
Does anyone really believe that President Obama found out about Petraeus immediately after the election?
President Obama, we need to protect our closest ally, Israel. The situation in the Middle East is at a tipping point.
Obama’s own top donor is now laying employees off and lowering hours in anticipation of Obama Care   The new reality.
Scary – in the past 90 days, Obama has set over 6,125 regulatory burdens  Terrible for the economy.
Businesses have already started massive layoffs and reducing employees’ hours due to Obama Care.  Reality is setting in.
Why do so many people say I hate President Obama—I don’t hate the President at all. I just disagree with his policies!
9 million fewer people voted for Obama this election than last and yet the Republicans lost—do you think they might be doing something wrong!
The election was a major setback for economy. All young entrepreneurs should be sure to calculate Obama's policies into their investments.
Polls show that the hurricane had a huge positive effect for Obama on his win- isn't that ridiculous?
China's submarines will soon be carrying nukes   They will be sent to patrol our coasts, Obama won't do anything.
China's Communist Party has now publicly praised Obama's reelection.  They have never had it so good.  Will own America soon.
At the end of the day, Obama won the battleground states by less than 500,000 votes. This was a winnable race.  GOP needs to do better!
With taxes set to go up and Obama about to cut the mortgage deduction, now is the time to buy a house if you can.  Can get a great deal.
No surprise that all the foreign countries are celebrating Obama's win.  They love a weak America that they can rip off.
Obama's administration is now openly admitting it expects US credit downgraded again  Thanks for letting us know now
Russian leaders are publicly celebrating Obama's reelection.  They can't wait to see how flexible Obama will be now.
The stock market and US dollar are both plunging today.  Welcome to Barack Obama’s second term.
Millions without electricity across NY and NJ. The media has covered for Obama’s massive failure. Can you imagine if this was another Pres?
House of Representatives shouldn't give anything to Obama unless he terminates Obamacare.
Obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the American public. He can't.
Watch Obama refuse to call Benghazi a terrorist attack on 9.12  What took CBS so long to release this footage?
If you experience any harassment or heckling at the polling places from Obama supporters, make sure you report it immediately.
Yesterday Obama campaigned with Jay Z and Springsteen while Hurricane Sandy victims across NY and NJ are still decimated by Sandy.  Wrong!
More reports of voting machines switching Romney votes to Obama. Pay close attention to the machines, don't let your vote be stolen
My Squawk CNBC interview discussing the close election, the enthusiasm gap between Mitt and Obama and the fiscal cliff 
Save Medicare.  Vote for Mitt Romney.  He will repeal Obamacare on day one.
Very dangerous pattern developing across country by Obama supporters.  Detroit poll watcher was threatened with gun 
Remember: Obama turned down $5M to charity which I said I would increase by 10X to $50M--just to show simple records. He's hiding lots!
"If you voted for Obama in 2008 to prove you were not a racist then vote for Romney in 2012 to prove you are not stupid." Thanks Walter D!
Before you vote, think: Obama wants to raise taxes, Mitt Romney wants to lower taxes--need I say more!
Why is Obama playing basketball today? That is why our country is in trouble!
Benghazi is bigger than Watergate.  Don’t let Obama get away with allowing Americans to die.  Kick him out of office tomorrow.
Voting for Gov Gary Johnson is voting for Obama--don't waste your vote!
Obama just stated "It's always good to ignore Donald Trump." I state he is right, especially when the truth is against him.
Obama is angry, frustrated and desperate.  He said “voting is the best revenge”   He is divisive.
Don't believe Chrysler (if Obama wins)--see how fast Jeep production will be moved to China--and I'll be watching!
Obama’s policies have led to food stamp rolls growing 75X faster than job production   We can't afford 4 more years.
Remember when you vote, Obamacare is a disaster!
We don’t want to have a recount in any of the battleground states. Obama will steal it. Make sure all your friends and family vote.
Obama's war on women has lead to the biggest decline in female employment in 40 years. 4 more years??
Undecideds in OH,PA and WI will make the difference. All should ask themselves if they want $6/gallon gas because it will come under Obama.
Considering Obama hasn’t proposed anything concrete, if he wins he won’t have a mandate.  Another 4 years of legislative stalemate.
Members from Obama's own job council are endorsing Mitt Romney   Not surprising
Concerns over the national debt are stopping businesses from hiring and expanding  Obama's policies are unsustainable
Castro, Chavez and Ahmadinejad are all anxiously awaiting our election results.  They are praying Obama wins.
Obama promised 5.2% unemployment by October 2012.  His promises are worthless!
Obama has destroyed the middle class.  In ’09, median household income was $55,198.  Now it is $50,678.  Four more years?
Obama our Welfare and Food Stamp President, is praising himself for expanding welfare   He doesn't believe in work.
How about President Obama fixing the gasoline situation instead of taking photo ops in the destruction.
Interestingly, the hurricane may now be a disaster for Obama's reelection because of his grandstanding.
With long gas lines and total disarray from storm, the hurricane may yet be a negative for Obama.
It was announced this morning that unemployment rose--this can't be good for Obama.
How could Obama leave those American heroes out to die in Benghazi?  And he continues to lie to the public!
What is your thought as to why Obama refused millions for charity and did not show his records and applications?
Nice to see Obama released a situation room photo from Sandy.  How about releasing the photo taken during Benghazi?
Everybody knows why Obama would not show his college applications --- they are just not willing to say!
If I would have offered Obama a billion dollars to show his records, he would have refused.
My video response to President Obama's lack of transparency. 
I will soon be releasing my response to the fact that President Obama refused to show his applications and records to the public.
President Obama missed the deadline!
Obama is a terrible negotiator. He bails out Chrysler and now Chrysler wants to send all Jeep manufacturing to China--and will!
Why is Obama’s auto bailout now creating jobs in China?  He is ruining American industry.
It's 10 AM: Two hours to go for Obama to easily pick up millions for charity!
Obama is now standing in a puddle acting like a President--give me a break.
A lot of people are concerned about which charity my $5M will be donated to.  The onus is on Obama to first release his records.
President Obama, if it is important to you, I will substantially increase the $5M offer!
President Obama, please take the $5M check for charity tomorrow. It is so easy and could do so much good!
A lot of undecided and independent voters have had enough with Obama’s lack of transparency. I don't blame them.
There is nothing I would be happier to do than to donate the $5M to a charity of Obama’s choice, once he releases all of his records.
In the spirit of transparency, Obama should immediately release the 9.11 tape of Tyrone Woods pleading for military support in Benghazi.
Today Barack Obama is standing in water in NJ. Remember on election day that he has put the US underwater.
How many illegal foreign donations will Obama collect this final week? Another scandal ignored by the liberal media. 
An amazing article by Kevin Gabriel-   A must read by friends and foes of President Obama. End date is tomorrow at noon.
Part 1 of my jimmyfallon interview discussing my $5M offer to Obama, TRUMP Tower atrium, my tweets and 57th st. crane 
I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity-- or to which charity the money will go.
Maybe Obama should donate my $5M to the families of the 17 who have lost loved ones during the storm?
Scary.  Obama and the Democrat Senate have accrued over $5T worth of debt without passing a budget in the last 3 years.  4 more years?
Why does Obama believe he shouldn't comply with record releases that his predecessors did of their own volition? Hiding something?
digiphile Red Cross RT if you think Pres.Obama should release his records to get $5M for charity--for Red Cross or another great charity
Let’s be honest, if Obama thought he could get away with campaigning during the storm, then he would have been in Ohio on Monday.
How did Obama go to a Las Vegas fundraiser on 9.12, the day after he refused to send help to Americans in Benghazi?
Another great cause Obama could send my $5M donation to is a charity for 9/11 First Responders. They are American heroes.
My Squawk CNBC interview discussing the 57th St. crane, damage from the storm and extending my $5M offer to Obama 
These last 4 years have not had a single quarter over 4% GDP. Obama has overseen the weakest economic recovery in American history.
The election is trending towards Mitt Romney. Americans know we can't afford another 4 years of the Obama economic decline.
Remember this: Obama wants to raise taxes, Mitt Romney wants to lower taxes--need I say more!
Don't let Obama buy the election by handing out unlimited free money to states.
Because of the hurricane, I am extending my 5 million dollar offer for President Obama's favorite charity until 12PM on Thursday.
Not only giving out money, but Obama will be seen today standing in water and rain like he is a real President --- don't fall for it.
Hurricane is good luck for Obama again- he will buy the election by handing out billions of dollars.
Many people walked out on Madonna's concert when she told them to vote for Obama. Years ago I walked out because the concert was terrible!
I always said Obama is lucky for himself but unlucky for the country. The storm could be very good for him as he (cont) 
Obama lied 100% about Libya and the killings--emails are absolute. He must release his records on Wednesday and stop the lies.
Dave Letterman Late_Show said during my interview that Obama was "probably" born in the US--the word "probably" is a disaster for Obama.
I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity or to which charity the money will go.
Many people are saying that my challenge to Obama is having a huge negative effect on his poll numbers --- I agree.
A lot changed when David Letterman said " he was probably born in this country"--- the word probably is a total disaster for Obama.
I put Donny Deutsch on Apprentice at his request, I did his failed cable show as a favor to him then he knocks me for my Obama announcement.
"Donald Trump Tells theblaze About His Obama Announcement: PASSPORT APPLICATIONS TELL YOU A LOT"  by Billy Hallowell
Watch Obama's favorability numbers drop even further if he doesn't accept my charitable offer. No one approves (cont) 
If Obama doesn't accept my offer to be fully transparent, what will he say?
If my offer is refused, every undecided OH voter will be fully aware that Obama denied $5M to charity all because he is hiding something!
Barack Obama has everything to gain. Why would anyone ever deny $5M to charity?
"Donald Trump Defends His "Big" Obama Bombshell: 'It's Not a Publicity Stunt'"  via eonline
I have decided to add a caveat to my offer. Obama can't decide to send my $5M to Rev. Wright if he releases his records.
Where's the transparency? Despite Obama's denial sfchronicle stands by report he just talked with Jeremiah Wright.
Pretty audacious for Obama to call Mitt Romney a BSer when he has lied about so much we don't have room to write.
By the way, where is Oprah? Good question. 4 years ago she strongly supported Obama--now she is silent. Anyway, who cares, I adore Oprah.
Obama is about to destroy the mililtary through the sequester. The Middle East is a mess. Yet Colin Powell still endorses him. Wonder why?
Be careful of an Obama "bomb" to win election! Would be a horrible thing to do.
The election is still close but trending toward Mitt Romney. He leads all national polls and Obama's likeability is imploding. VOTE!
One of my many Twitter followers suggested Obama should take my offer and give $1,250,000 to each family of the four... 
Watch me explain on the Late_Show how my charitable offer to Obama changes the election and is about transparency 
A clip from last night's Late_Show where I detail my charitable offer to Obama and Dave describes his terrible grades 
Lianne On Life I love the Wounded Warriors--Obama should choose that as his $5M charity.
Based on the ovation last night from the Letterman Late_Show audience, I believe it will be hard for Obama to throw $5M down the drain....
Lots of response that Obama should give the $5M to the families of our great heroes who were murdered in Benghazi.
Letterman Late_Show was great last night. I had a lot of fun. You could see his audience really wanted Obama to take the $ for charity.
It is really a shame that Barack Obama may stop $5M from being generously donated to charity all because he refuses to be transparent.
Six days and counting until my offer to Barack Obama expires...
Yesterday Barack Obama said he wants "wind turbines manufactured here in China"  I don't think this was a gaffe.
"Trump Offers To Donate $5 Million To Charity If Obama Releases College Transcripts"  via rcpvideo
What will be the response on Wednesday? If Obama doesn't take the 5 million dollars for charity.
michellemalkin I fully supported Mc Cain but when he lost, hoped Obama would be great for U.S. --- he wasn't.
I am offering the chance for Barack Obama to redistribute $5M to any charity of his choice.  Everyone wins.  Take the deal.
I am happy to have started Obamas Favorite Charity. Really enjoying reading everyone's tweets.
My gretawire interview discussing my $5M charitable offer to Obama, his lack of transparency and my tremendous support 
"TRUMP’S BIG ANNOUNCEMENT: HE’LL GIVE $5 MILLION TO CHARITY OF OBAMA’S CHOICE IF..."  By billyhallowell theblaze
"Donald Trump Announcement: $5 Million for Obama College Records"   via Newsmax_Media
"Trump offers $5 million for Obama college, passport records"   By Alex Pappas DC Daily Caller
In light the Benghazi emails released last night, it is apparent that Obama has no problem lying to the American public...
Obama has no problem leaking national security secrets.  Why can't he release his records?  Especially when $5M is going to charity.
I am happy to donate $5 million to a charity Barack Obama chooses.  All I am asking is that he is transparent with the American people
Trump to Obama: $5 million donation to charity if you release passport and college records  Election2012
I just learned that politico has no credibility--total phonies that don't report the truth. A puppet of Obama?
Glad to hear seanhannity supports my offer to Obama.  As Sean says “it is an easy $5 million to charity.  What does Obama have to lose?”
My offer to Obama is about transparency. In 2008, American people were sold on hope and change. This our last chance to get the full record.
 Trump to give $5 million to charity if Obama releases records 
If you like having the world collapse and being told America is leading from behind--vote Obama.
Last night was the first time Obama said "we" instead of "I" in respect to Bin Laden's killing.
Barack Obama said absolutely not 3 times before he agreed to go after Bin Laden--- now he wants all of the credit!
The military and Navy Seals should be given more credit for Bin Laden's death, not Obama, who works hard to take (cont) 
When the military informed Obama that they had Bin Laden, is there anyone with a brain that would not have said "Ok, go get him"?
No matter what happens in the election, davidaxelrod deserves a lot of credit. He has kept Obama in it, even with his terrible record.
70% of the Chinese say they are better off than they were 4 years ago   At least someone has done well under Obama.
The debate was pretty even but I thought Mitt should have been much more aggressive on Obama's failed foreign policy-- and I mean much more.
Stop congratulating Obama for killing Bin Laden. The Navy Seals killed Bin Laden. debate
.Mitt Romney looks much calmer, and Obama should stop nodding his head backwards and forward.
Former Obama White House economic adviser Austan_Goolsbee gave his old boss a 'C' on the economy   Pretty generous!
Why don't we ask the Navy SEALs who killed Bin Laden? They don't seem to be happy with Obama claiming credit. All he did is say O.K.
I look forward to Mitt Romney hitting Obama hard tonight for lying about Benghazi. CIA told Obama it was a terrorist attack after 24 hrs.
Everybody is asking about my announcement this Wednesday concerning Barack Obama---just wait and see!
Obama is an easy target on foreign policy.Mitt Romney has many openings to attack, especially when Obama starts bragging about Bin Laden.
"This is my last election. After my election I have more flexibility." Obama to Medvedev Russia E discussing our nuclear arsenal.
Obama planted that nytimes story on Iran so it will be discussed in tonight's debate. He wants Libya and China off the table.
Don't let Obama play the Iran card in order to start a war in order to get elected--be careful Republicans!
Autism rates through the roof--why doesn't the Obama administration do something about doctor-inflicted autism. We lose nothing to try.
Via politico: "Donald Trump claims Barack Obama bombshell" 
Stay tuned for my big Obama announcement--- probably on Wednesday. 
Obama should stop talking about wind turbines--they are a disaster for a country or community and are very expensive and unreliable.
Gas prices are at crazy levels--fire Obama!
No surprise, welfare spending is up over 30% under Obama.   He is the food stamp and welfare "king"
Obama has called Libya attack "a bump in the road" and "not optimal." Just come clean already--tell Americans the truth!
Obama said "not optimal" to Ambassador and embassy killings--bad word usage for a Harvard graduate.
I'll be making a major announcement on President Obama next week--stay tuned!
It's Thursday. How much money did Barack Obama waste today on crony green energy projects?
Clinton commented in Ohio today that Mitt Romney is right, the economy has not been fixed under Obama.I always said Bill was an honest man.
Bad sign for Obama's campaign now publicly admitting they are focused on 4 states. Their internals must be horrendous.
womenzbinder Check the records, dummy--I was never a Bush II fan--he is why we have Obama!
Obama's spending and borrowing is burying America and destroying our children's future. Does he even care?
Great--now Supreme Court Justices are talking about a constitutional right to a cell phone  Obama, just stop already.
.ashleycam2883 Re: Libya--Hillary took the blame for Obama.
Under his administration, oil and gas production on public land is down over 10%   Obama did not tell truth last night.
If Obama goes after Mitt's private sector experience in the next debate then Mitt should ask for Obama's college records--all of them.
Obama talks about what he is going to do--why the hell didn't he just do it, especially in the first 2 years when he had all votes necessary
"Trump Was Right: 'Obama's America' Tops 2012 Documentaries"    via Newsmax_Media
Obama was beaten but not knocked out.  He lives to fight another day. But in the real world presidents are not given a second chance...
If Obama keeps pushing wind turbines our country will go down the tubes economically, environmentally and aesthetically.
Polls are starting to look really bad for Obama. Looks like he'll have to start a war or major conflict to win. Don't put it past him!
Obama did much better than he did last time--but still lost decisively.
Do you believe Barack Hussein Obama (aka Barry Soetoro) looked like a president last night? I don't!
Obama has zero credibility on oil and coal. If we do not win energy as a country, we just do not win, period!
Obama better than last time, but again, Mitt Romney wins. Good night. debate
Such long rhetorical and boring answers from Obama. No wonder nothing gets done.
.Mitt Romney much better on Libya and Middle East problems. Obama has no answer.
Obama keeps namedropping Bill Clinton-- he is no Bill Clinton.
Obama weak on immigration. All words, no action. He's been Prez 4 years.
Obama is looking rhetorical and weak. Mitt Romney is looking strong and sharp.
Obama just said Mitt Romney was "a very successful investor"--- big mistake for Obama to admit- he has less and less credibility.
Obama keeps saying that he will do something--- but why hasn't he done it? It's all talk.
Why has Obama let China and others take our jobs?
Why hasn't Obama created jobs?
For political purposes only, Obama is planning to hit Libya for the Benghazi embassy attack right before the election?
.Mitt Romney--if Obama gets wise tonight just ask for his college records and transcripts--he will quiet down quickly.
Between Libya, the national security leaks and Fast and Furious, Obama has had more national security scandals than any other President.
Because Obama was so pathetic in the first debate, tonight's audience will be humongous--people want to see if he is for real.
Obama just had another trillion dollar budget deficit for the fourth year in a row. At least he is consistent.
.rupertmurdoch is absolutely right, it will be a nightmare for Israel if Obama is re-elected.
Lots of pressure on Obama tonight--even more than A-Rod. If he doesn't perform well it could be over.
Gov. Gary Johnson pulling votes from Mitt Romney--Don't waste your vote. Obama must go!
If Mitt Romney has a good debate tomorrow night, Obama is finished!
Obama is planning on attacking Romney on Bain in tomorrow's debate   Mitt should bring up college applications and records
"Romney, Ryan Slam Obama Administration on China Currency Manipulation"  via ABC
Once again Obama fails to classify China as a currency manipulator. He just helped China steal even more jobs and money from us.
Barack Obama is not who you think he is. Most overrated politician in US history.
Isn't it time that Obama release his college records and applications? Boy would that create a mess! He is not who you think.
Obama will be trying very hard at next debate- he doesn't want to lose the Boeing.
Who says Obama will do better in the next debate- has he gotten smarter in 2 weeks!
I'll bet Obama goes down just like Washington because he doesn't use our(this country's) best people to win.
I look forward to Tuesday night's presidential debate--I wonder if Obama will use my name again.
"What we are watching on our TV screens is the unraveling of the Obama foreign policy." --Paul Ryan VP
Obama's economic policies are causing inflation on hard working families. The price of corn alone has risen over 200% since he was elected.
Obama Care is a complete disaster. Many of my friends have to scale down their businesses because they can't afford it. Terrible.
Why does Barack Obama's ring have an arabic inscription?  Who is this guy?
It's Thursday and only 26 days until the election. How many illegal donations from China and Saudi Arabia did Obama collect today?
So Obama used to tell classmates that he was Kenyan royalty and an Indonesian prince   Sounds like his book bio!
Outright disgusting--the Obama administration has continually stonewalled and lied to US Amb. Sean Smith's mother 
Must read article on Obama's illegal fundraising from abroad    Foreign candidate getting foreign donations.
Even with lower profit projections, American firms are still throwing money into China   Obama is killing investment.
I am more concerned about Biden in the debate than I am about Obama. Be careful on Thursday night!
Obama was guest at VP debate moderator Martha Raddatz's wedding   Do people think this is fair?
DELUSIONAL--Obama actually thought that he won the debate  What is he thinking?
47M on food stamps. Over 23M Americans unemployed. 50% of college grads unemployed. And Obama wants us talking about Big Bird.
Has Barack Obama been caught red handed laundering money into his campaign from illegal online foreign donations? Media?
I just had to fire someone, he didn't have a clue--he reminded me of Obama on Wednesday night.
Obama is under a great of pressure to perform well in the next debate. Let's see how he reacts under pressure.
Remember, Obama limped across the finish line--he should have lost to Hillary. Be careful!
I don't think Obama will do well in the second debate--he is psyched out just like A-Rod.
The public is about to learn a lot more information on Barack Obama and his true background in the coming weeks…
Now that Obama’s poll numbers are in tailspin – watch for him to launch a strike in Libya or Iran.  He is desperate.
With these record high gas prices, what does it say about Obama that he was trying to brag about his energy policy in the debate?
Why isn't Obama protecting us from ridiculous gas prices?
California gas prices going thru the roof, others to follow. An election-losing event for Obama.
Obama projected a 2012 budget deficit of $557B.  It is actually double that at $1.1T   We can't afford four more years.
Obama's planned tax hike will hit over 1 million small businesses   Expect more massive unemployment and stagnant growth
How long did it take for Obama to call Hugo Chavez and congratulate him on his 'reelection?' Who do you think Chavez supports in ours?
Sleepy eyes chucktodd is an absolute joke of a reporter. He is in the bag for Obama. He can't carry jack_welch's jock.
Who is more believable on the state of employment--the great jack_welch or some government bureaucrat who is voting for Obama?
I would do same thing if I were China.  They want Obama. 
My foxandfriends interview discussing Obama's failed and dangerous foreign policy and the real unemployment numbers 
Now America knows--the Emperor has no clothes. Why would Obama do better in a 2nd debate? Debate Obama
Bill Clinton has been Obama's most effective surrogate out on the trail.
Now another Obama speech from 2002 with him talking about taking the rich's 'stuff'  Who is this guy? Where's the media?
Congratulations to Michelle and Barack Obama on their 20th anniversary.
I'm eagerly awaiting the next polls. The debate performance could be devastating to the Obama team. Let's see what happens.
There's only one candidate who cut medicare and that's Barack Obama. Cut over $700M to move into Obama Care.
In August, 2012, Obama said the so called Arab Spring sprung from 'joyful longing for human freedom'    Good call!
Have you heard? China just told Obama to jump. Obama asked how high.
Obama's '07 speech which Daily Caller just released not only shows that Obama is a racist but also how the press always covers for him.
Who is rooting for Obama more tonight--his campaign advisors or the press?
My gretawire interview discussing Mitt Romney debate responses, Obama's hidden records, my tweets and unemployment  
Reverend Wright must have great hatred for Obama and the manner in which he was shunted aside.
Obama called Reverend Wright his friend, counselor and great leader--then dumped him like a dog!
See June 2007 speech--is Obama a total racist?
Congratulations to Barack Obama for having 2012's debt already surpass 2011 
A great article about how Obama Care has even further complicated the tax code and will hurt housing market 
It's Tuesday, how much will the media continue to cover up the embassy attacks for Obama?
Under Obama, Iran has taken over Iraq, Al Qaeda has taken over Libya, the Muslim Brotherhood now controls Egypt. Worst  foreign policy ever.
If Obama mentions Mitt's tax returns in tomorrow's debate then Mitt should immediately ask for Obama's college records and applications
Obama is trying to block sequester layoff notices in Virginia  Another example of sleazy politics!
Threatening phone calls from Obama supporters are being made to the Michigan GOP office   Don't be intimidated!
Obama loves wasting our money. He just made another guarantee of $197M to a solar company   Cronyism!
Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez said in a television interview that aired on Sunday "If I were American, I'd vote for Obama."
Obama now wants to give another $450M to the Muslim Brotherhood. Money we don't have going to people that hate us. Moronic.
Obama deserves much less credit for the killing of Bin Laden. The praise goes to our brave military and intelligence officers.
Only 36 days until the election. Mitt Romney needs to stay on offense. Make Obama's terrible record the issue. Time To Get Tough
In debate, Mitt Romney should ask Obama why autobiography states "born in Kenya, raised in Indonesia."
Obama lied to the public about the Al Qaeda attack on our consulate in Libya. He should be held accountable.
Brits spent $57.8M on the royal family. Obamas cost us $1.4B in expenses--including entertainment  Living large on us.
Obama is not working. US Manufacturing orders fell a record 13.9% in August. Where's the recovery? 
.Mitt Romney must ask for Obama's college records and applications--why is he not doing this?
Obama Care is a failure. Costs are rising much faster under Obama than other Presidents.
Now Obama's campaign is guaranteeing 12 million new jobs during a 2nd term     More like $12T in new debt if he wins.
If only the morons AP were as concerned with Obama's inconsistent statements on the Embassy attacks as they are (cont) 
40 days until the election. Crunch time. Mitt Romney must stay on offense and take the fight to Obama.
China has done very well under Obama. Now they just released their first aircraft carrier.
China is filling the vacuum left by Obama at the UN on the world stage.
Must read column for all young people: "Obama's war on young voters who elected him"  
Hope and Change--the number of 26 year olds living with parents has jumped 46% under Obama   Four more years?
Obama's complaints about Republicans stopping his agenda are BS since he had full control for two years. He can never take responsibility.
Obama's new excuse for his failures is that you "can't change Washington from the inside." Not what he said in '09. 
The number of unemployed Americans has increased over 60% during Obama's term. The economy can't survive another 4 years.
Obama will be going on theviewtv and fundraising while in NYC for the UN Assembly...
The Obama Economy--workers added to disability and individuals added to food stamps more than doubles net jobs created 
Muslim Brotherhood head of Egypt Morsi is already making demands on Obama before the WH visit. Obama's foreign policy is a complete failure.
Coincidence? Obama and Ahmadinejad each describe Israel's warning over the Iranian nuclear program as just 'noise' 
Home values have sunk a record 15% under Obama.
Scary--Obama's budget deficits are so out of control that he has to borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends.
With Obama and Bernanke destroying the value of the dollar, gold and real estate should continue to rise in value.
The attack on our Libyan consulate was the worst attack on the US since 9/11. Time for Obama to come clean.
With all of the bad economic numbers and horrendous foreign policy, Obama should be down by 12 points--and he's not.
Why did Mitt Romney give his tax returns without demanding that Obama release his college records and applications in return?
Rising premium costs from Obamacare will cost businesses billions   Guess where these new costs get passed to – you.
At the Univision forum Obama continued to make excuses for Fast and Furious  His operation killed innocent Americans.
Watch--yesterday Obama continued to evade questions on his security failures in the Benghazi consulate attack. 
Obama's Def. Sec. just said US Asia focus 'not aimed to contain China'  China is hoping that Obama is re-elected.
Isn’t it great that Obama had time yesterday to fundraise with Jay Z and do Late_Show while there is a record 21% real unemployment!
QE3, a political favor for Obama, will cause record inflation on food and fuel.  This hits low income families the hardest. Big mistake.
"Trump: Obama is 'Unlucky President'"  via Newsmax_Media
Obama should play golf with Republicans and opponents rather than his small group of friends. That way maybe the terrible gridlock would end.
Obama killed over 100k jobs by not approving Keystone XL pipeline and Canada is now selling the oil to China--very dumb!
Liberal press won't look into why Obama ignored security warnings for embassies but is obsessed with Romney's private comments.
None of Romney's leaked comments change the fact that Obama is a complete disaster. 20% real unemployment and $6T in deficit spending.
It's Tuesday. How many more non-stories will the liberal media try to manufacture so everyone ignores Obama's record?
With 49 days until the election, Mitt Romney needs to stay on offense. He should not be apologizing. Deflect onto Obama's record.
Now a small country like Sudan tells Obama he can't send any more Marines    We are a laughing stock.
It's Monday, how many more excuses will Obama make today about the economy?
While Obama is denying it, he did receive intelligence about the attacks 3 days before  Too busy campaigning?
Gas prices have doubled under Obama. Over $5/gallon now in California. We must start drilling from our own resources to become independent.
Obama is our unlucky President. Everything he touches turns into a mess. Some people just don't have it!
Via digitaljournal: "Donald Trump tweets Obama is 'an incompetent President'" 
After being ripped off for years, Obama finally figured out that China is taking advantage of us. He's finally listening to me.
Weekly jobless claims are up once again. The economy cannot recover with Obama in office.
First Obama says Egypt is not an ally. Then he promises to keep handing over aid     Incompetent and unqualified.
No surprise--Obama's Deputy Campaign Manager tweeted link from Chinese propaganda outlet  Did she also write it?
 For nearly 4 years, Barack Obama has refused to crack down on China's cheating and American workers have paid the price.
Why doesn't Obama let our marines who are guarding the embassies in Egypt have live ammunition? They need it fast.
It's amazing--hardball_chris has completely lost all connections to reality. He is a complete shill for Obama.
Via starpulse: "Donald Trump Calls Barack Obama 'Incompetent'" 
Must see video--Obama's criticism of Mitt Romney is identical to Carter's on Reagan 
Congratulations to Obama and the DNC. The federal deficit has topped $1T for a fourth year in a row    Nice work!
Welcome to Obama's America--record high poverty and an 8% drop in median household family income   Four more years?
.Mitt Romney should continue to stay on offense on the embassy issue. Obama, who put these radicals in power, deserves blame.
Obama's convention bounce is gone. Mitt Romney has retaken the lead in the latest Rasmussen Poll  
The media is pathetic. Our embassies are savaged by radicals while Obama does nothing and all they can do is criticize Mitt Romney.
What a coincidence that Obama's good friends in Libya and Egypt picked 9/11 to attack our embassies.
Obama told NBC that Egypt is no longer an ally. They used to be until he pushed out Mubarak.
Wake Up America!  See article: "Israeli Science: Obama Birth Certificate is a Fake" 
If Obama was smart, he would cancel the Muslim Brotherhood's WH visit later this month. He won't.
Obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst President we have ever had.
We threw our ally Mubarak overboard and Egypt is now our enemy. Great going Obama--Israel is in trouble.
Our $16T national debt is now bigger than our $15T GDP. If Obama is re-elected watch for an economic meltdown in 2013.
Deja vu - I can remember a time when our embassies were stormed under another failed President. Obama=Carter.
I guess Obama's Cairo Speech really worked out. The Muslim Brotherhood stormed our embassy on 9.11. Imagine if Obama speaks in Beijing?
Obama will go down as the worst President in history on many topics but especially foreign policy.
"It's disgraceful that the Obama Administration's first response was not to condemn attacks on our diplomatic (cont) 
So Obama can host the Muslim Brotherhood Pres. Morsi in the White House   but doesn't have time for netanyahu?
Obama is a disaster at foreign policy. Never had the experience or knowledge. He is not capable of doing the job.
Obama doesn't know what he's doing. His foreign policy is a disaster. Libya, Egypt, Iraq, Afghanistan--all (cont) 
We fight to free Libya and they kill our Ambassador and other Americans. Obama's foreign policy is a joke.
When will Obama next go on vacation if he wins the election? The day after.
"If Obama wins it is the end of the Republican party." -- limbaugh
Priorities--while fundraising and campaigning on our dime, Obama has skipped over 50% of his intel briefings   
Why won't Obama release his college applications? Is there something 'foreign' about them?
84% of US troops wounded and 70% of our brave men and women killed in Afghanistan have all come under Obama. Time to get out of there.
Whatever happened to Obama's 'independent investigation' into national security leaks from his administration? Where's the media?
Obama called August's job report "progress." Overall, 96K new jobs and over 173K new people on food stamps 
Why has Barack Obama repeatedly told inconsistent stories about his religious background?     Who is he?
Barack Obama used to mock Bush's 300K monthly job reports  Now Obama wishes he could have a month half as good.
"President Obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people" --Clint Eastwood
Obama asked a 7 yr old for his birth certificate. He's "in your face" because the Republicans dropped the ball. (cont) 
During Barack Obama's presidency, median family income has fallen 4.8%   Terrible for the middle class.
If Barack Obama had to use the same labor participation he had when he entered office then the unemployment number would be 11.2%
This chart from AEI's Jim Pethokoukis shows how terrible Barack Obama's 'recovery' really is:    Disaster.
Under Barack Obama, 1 out of every 7 Americans is on food stamps.
Scary--while Barack Obama has been POTUS for 1.6% of America's history, he has amassed 33.3% of the total debt.
Remember while Barack Obama is lauding himself tonight with self-indulgent compliments we have our brave soldiers fighting in Afghanistan.
After Barack Obama's speech tonight--which should be well delivered--reality will hit Friday morning when the new jobs report is released.
Now we will never know if Barack Obama would have been able to fill Bank of America Stadium. Pretty convenient.
.Barack Obama is now taking credit for changing party platform language but he reviewed it prior to the convention 
Bill Clinton did a great job last night--the Democrats are lucky to have him. Do you really believe he likes Barack Obama?
Once again underBarack Obama, the US has fallen down the ranks of global competitiveness     We must do better.
Better off? The $16T US debt works out to $136,260 per household, a 50% increase since Barack Obama took office.
Very good speech by Michelle Obama--and under great pressure--Dems should be proud!
No surprise. Barack Obama is letting the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt default on their US loans   Big mistake!
What message does it send when Barack Obama's campaign has to spin whether America is better off than it was 4 years ago?
OPEC is better off than they were 4 years ago. Gas has more than doubled during Barack Obama's term. Outrageous!
The Chinese are better off than they were 4 years ago. They have stolen even more from us in jobs and trade during Barack Obama's term.
NBC Wall St Journal Poll of African American voters: 94% Barack Obama, 0% Mitt Romney.Even worse than Hillary's old numbers. Is that racism?
With our national debt passing $16T during the DNC convention, Barack Obama has amassed more debt than the first 42 presidents. Scary.
The media can track down Paul Ryan's old girlfriend and marathon time but can't find Barack Obama's college applications or other info.
Smart move by Barack Obama having Pres. Bill Clinton deliver the DNC convention keynote.
Why does Barack Obama have such a fascination with my plane? He is more than welcomed to come for a ride.
Republicans are always saying Obama is such a nice guy. When will they learn that he is not?
Republicans should have been much tougher on Obama. Just wait until you see what Obama does to Romney at the DNC!
.Barack Obama's assault on coal and gas and oil will send energy and manufacturing jobs to China." --Mitt Romney
"Obama's ideas don't move us 'Forward,' they take us 'Backwards.' These are ideas people come to America to get away from." --marcorubio
Gas prices are about to hit a record high during the Labor Day weekend. Barack Obama could have stopped this.
Too busy playing golf? Barack Obama sends form letters with an electronic  signature to the parents of fallen SEALs   
Book on Bin Laden is a terrible violation of code--makes Barack Obama's story a big lie.
China's media is attacking Mitt Romney while endorsing Barack Obama    Of course. Mitt knows it's Time To Get Tough.
I am astonished that the media continues to lie. Barack Obama gutted welfare reform. It is a fact!
Great speech by my good friend Gov Christie. He did something you won't hear at Barack Obama's convention---tell the truth.
China must be worried that Mitt Romney will win this November. They have never had such a pushover like Barack Obama.
What a coincidence--Michelle Obama called Kenya Barack Obama's "homeland" in 2008  
.Barack Obama's dismal job record is reason alone that he must be defeated this November.
I am very worried that if Barack Obama is re-elected then Medicare will be destroyed. We must take care of our seniors.
I can't wait to read this...RT Newsmax_Media: SEAL Book Explodes, Obama Furious 
.Barack Obama's Super PAC has continually called Mitt Romney a "murderer"    Ironic since Obama is destroying Medicare.
It's Tuesday--how much inflation has Barack Obama's spending caused today on the price of food and gas?
.Gov Christie is going to do a fantastic job tonight explaining why Mitt Romney  should be elected and Barack Obama has to go.
.Financial Times writes that "Barack Obama should pray that China overtakes US"   Don't worry, he is making it happen.
Media silent when Barack Obama  called Mitt Romney a murderer and felon. Mitt mentions 'birth certificate' and they go nuts. Double standard!
.Barack Obama has completely failed the American people. U.S. annual incomes have fallen over 5% during his term  
It is very sad to see what Barack Obama has done with NASA. He has gutted the program and made us dependent on the Russians.
I knew Chris Matthews when he was sane and, quite honestly, wonderful. Now he's gone off the deep end as an Obama surrogate. hardball_chris
.Barack Obama is begging the Eurozone to keep Greece in until after 11.6.12. He thinks the world revolves around his re-election.
.Barack Obama sent over 100,000 jobs and Canadian oil to China all because he would not approve Keystone XL.
.Dinesh DSouza's '2016: Obama's America' is expanding to over 1,000 theaters this weekend. Will be highest grossing documentary in 2012. !!
Disgusting--Barack Obama's supporters are launching an anti-Mormon whisper campaign   Shameful but no surprise.
.Barack Obama is bankrupting this country. His budget adds another $4.4T to the debt, putting us over $20T in total debt by 2016.
Former Navy SEAL Questions Barack Obama's birthplace 
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood President is visiting us next month. Barack Obama is so excited.
The independent watchdog who exonerated Barack Obama for the failed green energy loans just donated $52,500 to Obama's campaign.
.Mitt Romney will make us energy independent by 2020  Barack Obama will keep wasting money on Solyndra projects.
It's Thursday. I wonder how much money Barack Obama drained from Medicare today to finance Obama Care.
Great new ad from Mitt Romney titled "Nothing's Free"  detailing both the high costs and taxes of Obama Care.
It's Wednesday. I wonder how much money Barack Obama borrowed from China today?
.Barack Obama said he doesn't take the Navy Seals campaigning against him "too seriously."
Can't wait to meet patriotic small business owners next week in Sarasota and Tampa! Hey Barack Obama, We Did Build It!
Putin just sent a Russian nuclear sub to the Gulf of Mexico. Barack Obama can't be bothered, he is too concerned with Mitt Romney's taxes.
.Barack Obama was caught telling Russian PM Medvedev Russia E that he can be more 'flexible' in his second term. Russia thinks he's weak.
Many people will be surprised at what is about to be released concerning Barack Obama's background. I, for one, won't be.
I am tired of Barack Obama talking about Mitt Romney's father. Why don't we discuss Barack Obama Sr.!
Glad to hear Barack Obama's attack ad featuring my plane is playing in North Carolina. Free ad time for Trump National in Charlotte!
If you have any doubt that Barack Obama must be defeated see Dinesh DSouza's '2016: Obama's America.' Amazing film!
My foxandfriends interview discussing how Barack Obama is running a hateful campaign and the RNC convention 'Surprise' 
Unemployment is up in 44 states showing July's unemployment numbers to be broad based   Barack Obama is a job killer.
If Barack Obama really loved this country, he wouldn't be destroying it. He has ruined our credit and killed jobs with Obama Care.
US government's foreign indebtedness has grown over 72% under Barack Obama. He is bleeding us dry to China.
.Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan VP get what needs to be done to reign in China. Barack Obama gets kicked around by the Chinese.
Great speech on China by Paul Ryan VP yesterday where he explains why China is treating Barack Obama like a "Doormat" 
Even NY Democrats are avoiding Barack Obama's convention    He is dragging his own party down with him
Great sign:"We built this business without government help. Obama can kiss our a--!"  Commonly heard now across America!
.Dinesh DSouza had to give $1,000 to Barack Obama's brother for his child's hospital bill    Isn't that disgraceful?
My gretawire interview discussing why Barack Obama is not a nice guy, and who will win the 2012 election  
...Barack Obama is hiding plenty of bad things.
.Mitt Romney shouldn't give additional tax returns until Barack Obama gives his passport records, college records and applications...
I always said Barack Obama will attack Iran, in some form, prior to the election.
There are only 22 days for Barack Obama to drop Joe Biden. Obama is not a loyal guy. I think he is strongly considering it.
There's only only one person who has defunded Medicare. His name is Barack Obama.
What's more dangerous for the country--the Iranian nuclear threat or Barack Obama as President?
Military reps have attacked Barack Obama over Bin Laden leaks--they believe he's just using this for his benefit. Not a big surprise...
$716 Billion from Medicare by Barack Obama. When will it end?
I'm really glad that Mitt Romney no longer says what a nice guy Barack Obama is.
Watch Paul Ryan VP explain how "'It's irrefutable' that President Obama is damaging Medicare'" 
.Barack Obama is promoting ugly, inefficient, unreliable, bird-killing, noisy, neighborhood-destroying wind turbines. Big mistake.
In ’08, Paul Ryan VP predicted that US headed toward bankruptcy  Barack Obama has added over $6T in debt since. Scary.
Obama Care stole more then $500M from Medicare.
Today Barack Obama will borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends from China. Just another day at the office.
Over 2 million people have lost their jobs since Barack Obama became POTUS. How many of them still have healthcare?
 Was Barack Obama A Foreign Exchange Student? 
Waste--Barack Obama's Dep. of Energy was warned in advance by Treasury that it wasn't loaning $ out in good deals 
All recent Presidents have released their transcripts. What is Barack Obama hiding?
.Papa Johns CEO John Schnatte has told shareholders that Obama Care will force him to raise pizza prices   REPEAL!
Waste. With 22 new taxes and $1.8T in added debt, Barack Obama's disgraceful 'Obama Care' will still leave 30M uninsured 
Even more Barack Obama crony capitalism and corruption. We are guaranteeing a $105M loan to another Obama donor 
I wonder if Barack Obama ever had an Indonesian passport. Did he become an Indonesian citizen when he lived there?
DESPERATE- Barack Obama is already asking supporters to 'find dirt' on Mitt Romney's VP picks   Dirty tactics.
Job openings are at a 4 year high but businesses aren't hiring   Why? Obama Care, US debt and Barack Obama's tax plan.
.Barack Obama-Hood: Rob our children's future by borrowing from the Chinese to pay for socialist programs that will bankrupt us.
Pathetic--Barack Obama is 'sweetening' his offer to the Taliban  Read 'The Art of The Deal.'
My Fox News interview on gretawire discussing the RNC convention, Barack Obama's sealed records and real estate advice 
My Fox Business interview on Varneyco discussing Barack Obama's dirty tactics and how Mitt Romney should respond 
Great article by Wayne Root theblaze -- "Obama's College Classmate: 'The Obama Scandal Is at Columbia'" 
Glad that Mitt Romney is hitting Barack Obama on ending work requirements for welfare. Obama attacks the American work ethic.
I am honored that Barack Obama has featured my plane in one of his attack ads. It was made in America!
A 'confidential source' has called my office and told me that Barack Obama has added over $6T to the new national debt and  ruined US credit.
Now the world is looking to China for an economic 'lift'   Barack Obama has ruined our economic hegemony.
The real outsourcer - Barack Obama is funding German automakers with the GM bailout money   How does that help us?
Now China 'calls in' US diplomats to lecture them on their illegal escapades.   The new reality. Barack Obama is weak.
Outrageous--Barack Obama is suing to suppress the military vote in Ohio  Our Commander in Chief should be ashamed.
My Squawk CNBC interview discussing the GOP convention, Barack Obama's sealed records and Senator Reid's tax claim 
Congratulations to Barack Obama--yesterday marked the 1 YR anniversary of our country's credit being downgraded 
Wrong--Barack Obama's '08 campaign manager and current Senior WH Advisor collected $100G fee from Iranian affiliate 
.Mitt Romney will create 2 million new jobs if elected POTUS.  If reelected, Barack Obama will create over $12T in new debt. Easy choice.
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that Barack Obama bought his house with the help of Tony Rezko.
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that Barack Obama's birth certificate is a fraud.
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that Barack Obama applied to Occidental as a foreign student--think about it!
Over 150,000 more of our fellow Americans dropped out of the workforce in July. Barack Obama is a disaster!
In '08, Barack Obama hit Bush for secrecy   When will Obama release all his sealed college records?!
So generous and pious! After spending millions of our tax dollars on his campaign through travel, Barack Obama donated to himself.
More lies and deceptions--Barack Obama is having his ex-staffers write 'independent' studies for his reelection 
The U.S. manufacturing sector has suffered its greatest order losses under Barack Obama. He has stood idle while China steals our jobs.
Jobless claims rose yet again last week  Barack Obama's economic record is abysmal--we can do much better.
The deficits under Barack Obama are the highest in America's history. Why is he bankrupting our country?
Now Barack Obama is issuing regulatory demands to states ordering no firings in November   
Consumer spending is continuing to fall with weak June numbers. Barack Obama's policies have created a climate (cont) 
You pick it! 1. Anybody that says anything derogatory about Barack Obama is labeled stupid, insane, or (cont) 
In '08 Barack Obama called Jerusalem Israel's capital  Now he attacks Mitt Romney on Jerusalem 
Another example of Barack Obama's diplomatic triumphs--he gave the Queen of England an i IPod filled with his speeches.
.Barack Obama blocked Keystone. Now China is preparing a massive $1.5B oil deal with Canada.     A terrible deal for US!
Reckless--Barack Obama is projecting $1.2T deficit from 2012 budget and a projected $25.4T debt in a decade 
Not only does Obama Care have at least 21 new taxes but it will lead to a tremendous doctor shortfall.
The US GDP in 2010 was 4.1%, down to 2% in 2011 and now 1.5%. I guess Barack Obama's plan is not working!
.Barack Obama should be careful questioning Mitt Romney on diplomacy--how many times has Obama apologized for our country on foreign soil?!
.Barack Obama bowed to the Saudi King in public--yet the Dems are questioning Mitt Romney's diplomatic skills.
The difference between Mitt Romney and Barack Obama's campaign promises to Israel is that Mitt will actually keep all of his.
Why has Barack Obama allowed the Muslim Brotherhood to visit the whitehouse? What Hope and Change!
What a 'nice guy' - 97% of Barack Obama's campaign ads have been negative attacks on Mitt Romney   Give it back Mitt!
Good news - Rasmussen Poll has Mitt Romney beating Barack Obama 49%-44%    Obama was up by 5% at same point in '08.
The Audacity of Barack Obama--the Federal Reserve purchased 61% of all debt issued by Treasury in 2011. Killing our children's future.
Hope and Change--since Barack Obama has taken office, the US debt has increased by an average of $64K per taxpayer.
Congratulations to Barack Obama--he is the first POTUS to run trillion dollar deficits in all four years of his term!
Remember when Barack Obama promised you could keep your coverage? Study shows 1 in 10 employers will drop health care 
Twitter is on Barack Obama's enemies list 
Delusional--Barack Obama claims that his economic plan "worked"    Is the 16% real unemployment part of the plan?
Which campaign is possibly on the trajectory towards insolvency?   At least Barack Obama is consistent.
BIG--Mitt Romney is preferred to handle the economy over Barack Obama by 63%-29% in a gallupnews poll 
Read this--Barack Obama's birth certificate "cannot survive judicial scrutiny" because of "phantom numbers" 
SHOCK--Hugo Chavez endorses Barack Obama  Will he be in Chicago on election night too?
Jay Carney won't answer reporters questions of "Why Obama won't release his college transcripts"- Come on, Jay!
Hypocrite--Barack Obama has major investments in companies that are outsourcing jobs overseas 
Under Mitt Romney, Bain had an 80% success rate with annual returns of over 50%. Under Barack Obama, America has added over $6T in debt.
With 15% US real unemployment and a 16T debt, Michelle Obama's luxurious Aspen vacation - her 16th - cost us over $1M 
My CNBCClosing Bell interview discussing America's financial uncertainty due to Barack Obama and the job report 
With Barack Obama listing himself as "Born in Kenya" in 1999 HI laws allowed him to produce a fake certificate.  SCAM
I am impressed with the scam Barack Obama pulled, but the truth will come out.
Breitbart gets it! Vote now--Barack Obama should release his college application records and grades. He says he (cont) 
Breitbart gets it! Vote now--Obama should release his college application records and grades. He says he loves (cont) 
.Barack Obama economic gloom: jobless claims have surged  while factory activity is (cont) 
Irresponsible! In the last 6 months Barack Obama has held over 100 fundraisers and not a single meeting with his Job Council.
More $ thrown away - Barack Obama gave $20M to Amonix and praised its "success" in '10. It just filed for bankruptcy 
In 1999 Barack Obama said that he didn't support Welfare Reform  He just gutted the entire program.
Via Breitbart Feed--why doesn't Barack Obama release his original book proposal which says he was born in Kenya?
Since Barack Obama is on such a "transparency" kick--how about releasing Fast and Furious info to Brian Terry's family? 
My seanhannity interview where I discuss Barack Obama's Job Council, Real Sheriff Joe's investigation and 2012 election 
Corrupt--Barack Obama's largest bundlers are fundraisers linked to the Obama Solyndra boondoggle    Chicago cronyism
Columbia University stated there was a "computer error" in their system concerning Barack Obama's attendance. (cont) 
The new Barack Obama motto - "You Own Nothing, Not Even Your Own Success" ...
So Barack Obama is celebrating his 'birthday' with a fundraiser in his home he bought with the help of Rezko 
John Sununu was more right than he even knew yesterday -- Barack Obama indeed needs to "learn how to be an American."
What's more important for the American public to have? Mitt Romney's tax returns or Barack Obama's sealed records?
As I always said, the "Birthers" were after the truth. Thanks to Real Sheriff Joe Barack Obama can't hide anymore.
So Barack Obama's campaign is calling Mitt Romney a potential criminal  How about Obama's Tony Rezko land deal!
Congratulations to Real Sheriff Joe on his successful Cold Case Posse investigation which claims Barack Obama's 'birth certificate' is fake
The class warfare being played by Barack Obama is the only way he can get reelected. He can't have America focus on his horrendous record.
Weird--why did Barack Obama Sr. fail to list Barack Obama as his son in his 1961 INS application? 
Watch Barack Obama admit Obamacare is a TAX  The GOP must continue to Disrupt, Dismantle and Repeal!
According to a gallupnews poll, over 60% think Obama Care will make things worse for taxpayers  Obama Care is a T-A-X.
For the sake of transparency, Barack Obama should release all his college applications and transcripts--both from Occidental and Columbia.
Why would Barack Obama be spending millions of dollars to hide his records if there was nothing to hide?
When will we see Barack Obama's passport records (sealed)?
.Mitt Romney needs to make Barack Obama regret that he ever asked for his tax records.
My Squawk CNBC interview discussing why the Fed shouldn't do a QE3, Barack Obama's college records and 2012 election  
Remember how Obama Care did not have any tort reform? Now the trial lawyers are getting ready for even more lawsuits 
I hope Mitt Romney now starts asking for any and all of Barack Obama's sealed records--it's time.
.Barack Obama's college application would be very very very very interesting!
If Barack Obama had such a wonderful academic record why wouldn't he want to show it?
I wonder what the answer is on Barack Obama's college application to the question: place of birth? Maybe the (cont) 
Outrageous--Barack Obama is trying to unilaterally gut welfare reform   He doesn't believe in a strong work ethic.
So much for Hope and Change. Barack Obama has already spent over $100M on attack ads across the swing states 
He has no respect for American exceptionalism. Barack Obama has outsourced our space program to the Russians 
What controversy? 2 'active' Barack Obama supporters at Bain have confirmed that Mitt Romney left in '99  No story here.
Bain did not list Mitt Romney as an Executive on its website in 2000  Barack Obama's Saul Alinsky tactics won't work!
My foxandfriends interview discussing how Barack Obama should release his college applications and records 
In his entire political career, Barack Obama has never had a tough GOP opponent before Mitt Romney. He is a paper tiger. GOMITT
A true honor. Press Sec considers asking for Barack Obama's college transcripts a "Donald Trump question."   Release it!
.Barack Obama should release all his records (like other Presidents)....
Don't believe the lies--every budget Barack Obama has delivered to Congress raises the income tax on EVERYONE 
.Barack Obama wants to see 10 yrs of Mitt Romney's tax returns--tell him "ok--but we want to see your college applications first.'
Nasty  tactics being used by Barack Obama campaign against Mitt Romney. Must stop saying Obama is a nice man--he is not!
I wonder why Barack Obama is not going to the NAACP Convention. Is it because he can't answer questions about 14.7% Black unemployment?
Have we ever had a POTUS before Barack Obama who earned over 1/3 of his income from foreign sources and paid taxes to another country?
.Barack Obama reported over $269,710 of foreign income out of his gross $894,520 and paid $5,841 in foreign taxes  
Even the Left realizes that Barack Obama's policies have led to more jobs being outsourced out of this country. 
Almost daily more discrepancies in Barack Obama's biography continue to arise. Who is this guy?
Very strange--why do database records contradict Barack Obama and show he was only at Columbia 1 year? 
Today Mitt Romney addressed the NAACP. Barack Obama takes their vote for granted which is why there is such high Black unemployment.
How can Barack Obama invoke Richard Nixon against Mitt Romney when Obama just used Executive Privilege on Fast and Furious?!
What a coincidence?! Barack Obama's campaign logo uses the same font as Cuban communist propaganda posters. 
Congrats to Barack Obama--he has now had over 40 months straight of over 8% unemployment while accruing over $6T (cont) 
The liberal media is focusing on Mitt Romney's bank records. How about reviewing Barack Obama's illegal land deal contracts with Tony Rezko?
The U-6 Unemployment Rate is over 14.9%. Obama Care is stopping businesses from both hiring and expanding.
Why is Barack Obama constantly issuing executive orders that are major power grabs of authority? This is the latest  
.Mitt Romney should not give any other further information until Barack Obama releases the things that everyone wants to see----
President Obama wants Mitt Romney to hand over even more past tax returns- he should when Barack Obama reveals his college applications.
Today Barack Obama is in Ohio on a bus tour. Tomorrow Pennsylvania. How about actually running the country?
May jobless numbers have been readjusted to 8.2%.  Barack Obama's economy is a disaster  New numbers tomorrow.
Welcome to Barack Obama's America - 8.74 million workers on 'Federal Disability"  Where are the jobs?!
Via AP's: Obama Care "is a tax"  Barack Obama gave the largest tax increase in history on the middle class. Shameful!
Hypocrite! in '06 Barack Obama called private equity "the best opportunity for long-term economic vitality" 
Just as I predicted, Barack Obama is preparing a possible attack on Iran right before November. 
Wow--such sacrfices for his re-election. Barack Obama will not vacation in Martha's Vineyard this summer.
I believe Barack Obama made a deal with the Saudis to increase oil production until after the election. Then (cont) 
The 'brunt' of Obama Care will be shouldered by folks making under $120K  
Is it legal for Barack Obama to make campaign donor calls from Air Force One?  Obama is always fundraising on our dime.
Why is Barack Obama continuing to lie?  has found that Mitt Romney did not ship jobs overseas 
Don't believe Barack Obama's whining--Pro-Romney Super PAC spending is on par with Pro-Obama Super PAC 
Dangerous--The USC Obama Care ruling means the government can now tax you for inactivity.
My foxandfriends interview discussing Obama Care, the Romney-Trump fundraiser and my plans for Jones Beach 
Obama Care has 21 tax hikes    There's now only one solution--defeat Barack Obama this November! GOMITT
Great news--here comes the Tea Party! Mitt Romney has received 42k donations online and raised over $4.2 million since the Obama Care decision.
It seems that Justice Scalia originally wrote the majority on Obama Care and Roberts then switched his position. 
Justice Roberts did the Republican Party and Mitt Romney a great favor. He essentially said Obama Care is a tax, (cont) 
Obamacare will bankrupt our country and lead to socialized medicine. We must all focus now on electing Mitt Romney this November.
A list from Heritage: "Top 10 Most Expensive Obamacare Taxes and Fees" 
Full Repeal: Stopping Obamacare is now up to the American people. We must elect Mitt Romney this November.
Remember this---Barack Obama told GStephanopoulos in 09 that it is "not true" that the individual mandate is a tax 
Wow, the Supreme Court passed Obama Care. I guess Justice Roberts wanted to be a part of Georgetown society more than anyone knew.
It is terrible that Barack Obama did not appoint an independent counsel to investigate the national security leaks. No accountability.
Who's the outsourcer? Barack Obama's campaign is using a travel company with outsourced jobs in China and India. 
A "Lion's List" of Democrats are not attending Barack Obama's DNC Convention. The Democratic Party is in turmoil. 
Unemployment has been over 8% for a record 40 straight months. Mitt Romney's election will end the Barack Obama downturn.
Shock - Barack Obama's DNC Convention has a $27M deficit and events are starting to be canceled. 
Outrageous- Barack Obama has spent over $2.7B on implementing Obama Care since the oral arguments at SCOTUS  
Another broken promise by Barack Obama: Obama Care actually increases income inequality  It must be fully repealed!
What a statesman! Barack Obama made sure to quickly call the Muslim Brotherhood victor to congratulate him on (cont) 
The Islamists have won. Just as I predicted, the Muslim Brotherhood has taken over Egypt. Barack Obama never should have abandoned Mubarek.
An insightful article on Barack Obama 
Watch the WH spokesman try to spin Barack Obama's rationale for using exec. priv. on Fast and Furious 
The $9B that Barack Obama spent in 'Stimulus' for Solar, Wind Projects created 910 total jobs, costing $9.8M each. 
Good messaging and staying on point. Mitt Romney called Barack Obama "anti-investment, anti-business, anti-jobs" 
The Barack Obama campaign took in  $39M in May but spent $44.6M. Sound familiar!
I look forward to playing golf with President Barack Obama someday.
The USC should be ruling any day now on Obama Care. Hopefully we will get the right result.
SHOCK - Barack Obama's people are sending paid political organizers to heckle at Mitt Romney events  
CORRUPT--with the national security leaks and Fast and Furious, there are clearly at least two cover ups in Barack Obama's White House.
Yesterday there was yet another massive intelligence leak by the Barack Obama administration. 
The Amateur! First Barack Obama was caught bowing to the Saudi King but now the President of Mexico!  
Now the Chinese are planning a war game w/ the Iranians,Syrians and Russians along Syrian coast.  Laughing at Barack Obama
Now even Barack Obama's old professors are coming out in opposition to his re-election.   He has embarrassed them.
On Friday VPBiden said that China has better cities and airports than the US. Well what has Barack Obama done about it the last 3 years?!
I don't mind that Barack Obama plays a lot of golf. I just wish he used it productively to make deals with Congress!
Today's announcement by Barack Obama on immigration was done for reelection. He is using the office of the presidency as a campaign tool.
I wonder when we will be able to see Barack Obama's college and law school applications and transcripts. Why the long wait?
"I don't believe in government picking winners; or in the case of (Barack Obama), picking losers" --Mitt Romney
Failure--for all of Barack Obama's talk of "engaging the world," U.S. favorability has dropped around the world 
Shocking--over 92% of France--who just elected a socialist for its new PM--want Barack Obama re-elected 
Today both Barack Obama and Mitt Romney are giving speeches on their economic policies in Ohio. The choice is (cont) 
SCARY-$6T in debt and $1T annual budget deficits later, Barack Obama is asking for more time to fix the economy 
The Mitt Romney healthcare plan post Obama Care relies on consumer choices with more options  The perfect remedy!
Thanks to Barack Obama rejecting the Keystone XL pipeline, China has become Canada's biggest oil consumer. China is laughing at us!
Sad.Barack Obama has already exempted major oil importers on Iranian sanctions and is negotiating a waiver with China.
Scary--Americans private wealth fell 40% from 2007-2010   But Barack Obama thinks the private economy is "doing fine."
.Mitt Romney is 100% right. The US Supreme Court should do "the right thing" and overturn Obama Care or the country (cont) 
Last Friday's gaffe by Barack Obama claiming that the private sector "is doing fine" is illustrative.Everything to him revolves around gov't
Typical--Barack Obama's Press Secretary deflects any criticism of Obama's constant celebrity visits by attacking me. My great honor.
Now Barack Obama is telling Mitt Romney how to control his own assets.   Obama is consumed by class warfare.
Shock--even more Barack Obama solar corruption. VPBiden's chief of staff's firm got biggest DOE loan. 
Greece's financial calamity should serve as a warning. Barack Obama's massive deficit spending is unsustainable.
How foolish did davidaxelrod look yesterday trying to rationalize why Barack Obama accepts donations from Bain? 
Why is Barack Obama spending millions to try and hide his records? He is the least transparent President--ever--and he ran on transparency.
Obama was very disloyal to Wisconsin Democrats. Barack Obama never showed up to help them even though he (cont) 
It was Barack Obama who promised "if you like your plan, you can keep your plan." Now Obama Care is causing (cont) 
China's best friend Barack Obama wants to cut the US fleet down to 230 ships, the lowest level since WWI.
While Barack Obama spends recklessly on domestic projects, he is hollowing out our military with over $487B in cuts 
In some ways it is sad. We all wanted Barack Obama to succeed. It's not worked out that way.
The real war on women. Under Barack Obama 766,000 more women are unemployed from when he took office 
My foxandfriends interview discussing Miss USA Olivia Culpo, the job numbers and the waste of the Obama stimulus 
Now the Barack Obama campaign is fundraising off of me. I should get a tax rebate! 
Waste! The CBO now estimates that Barack Obama's stimulus cost $831B and a ridicuous $4.1M per job created 
Now Barack Obama is telling donors he will need to 'revisit' healthcare in his 2nd term  
Over $1T in annual deficit spending and adding over $6T to the debt for what? May jobless numbers are horrendous. The great Obama recovery.
US job cuts jumped 53% in May from April   This is the Obama recovery?
Pathetic! Since Gov Walker is going to win the recall, Barack Obama is trying to disown the endorsement of Tom Barrett 
Does anyone believe that Barack Obama did not fully write or review the 1991 publisher booklet?
When will davidaxelrod realize he is on a fool's errand trying to defend Barack Obama's ineptitude?
It was an honor to be with Mitt Romney the night he clinched the nomination. He will defeat Barack Obama and be a tremendous POTUS.
How ironic that Barack Obama's campaign would call me a charlatan. Have they looked at their boss's record?
The Barack Obama campaign keeps highlighting a web video of John Mc Cain being nice and respectful. I'll bet John (cont) 
My CNN interview with wolfblitzercnn where I discuss Barack Obama's 'birth certificate' and why CNN has low ratings 
Scary--America would have had to pay all its GDP to the government to cover Barack Obama's real 2011 budget deficit 
In his own words, Barack Obama "was born in Kenya, and raised in Indonesia and Hawaii." This statement was made, (cont) 
Rush is right. limbaugh and I have both created more jobs than Barack Obama...in fact, far more jobs!
I want to see Barack Obama's college records to see how he listed his place of birth in the application.
Reverend Wright was dumped like a dog by Barack Obama--he can't be feeling too good.
Perhaps Barack Obama's biggest shortcoming as President is he failed to unite the country.
Pres Barack Obama expects Mitt Romney to play nice like Sen John Mc Cain--it's not going to happen and the result is going to be much different.
So Barack Obama will attack Mitt Romney's career at Bain Capital but won't return donations from Bain executives 
Unsustainable- Barack Obama has increased total federal budget outlays by over 24% during his term  He loves debt.
Now Barack Obama has decided there are 5 million Palestinian refugees   He always goes against Israel's interest.
In '08, Barack Obama said that Bush adding $4T to the debt was unpatriotic. Barack Obama has already added $6T.
.Barack Obama is practically begging Mitt Romney to disavow the place of birth movement, he is afraid of it and (cont) 
HYPOCRITE! Long before Barack Obama called the Tea Party 'teabaggers' he dressed as a revolutionary in a Hyde Park rally
Egypt is going the exact opposite of what it was. They will soon be very strongly against Israel. Thanks, President Obama. Barack Obama
My Newsmax_Media interview discussing OPEC, US gas resources, Mitt Romney and running a campaign against Barack Obama 
Obama Care's tax credit is underperforming by over 95% creating an even bigger cost to the debt  It must be repealed!
Interesting.Barack Obama's 1981 transfer class to Columbia "declined" in "quality" according to the Columbia Spectator 
Capitalism doesn't guarantee success, only a chance to succeed. The community organizer Barack Obama doesn't (cont) 
Disaster! The Barack Obama tax hikes set for 2013 are going "to throw us back into a recession" according to the CBO 
The Barack Obama administration is pressuring contractors to fix job loss estimates from environmental regulations 
I wonder if Barack Obama ever applied to Occidental, Columbia or Harvard as a foreign student. When can we see (cont) 
The Republicans should use everything against Barack Obama--just as Barack Obama is going to use everything (cont) 
China is now given preference to buy US debt by going directly to Treasury. I don't believe Barack Obama knows that he selling us out.
I am a registered Republican.   With Mitt Romney as the nominee, we can defeat Barack Obama.
My Squawk CNBC interview discussing why I don't own Facebook stock and running a tough campaign against Barack Obama 
President Obama's literary agent (in 1991) promoted a book about "the first African-American president of the (cont) 
Rev. Wright called Barack Obama, on tape, a liar. Why isn't this being looked into? It would be a great commercial for the republicans.
Mr. Pesident, Barack Obama, you cannot attack free enterprise and expect to have a healthy economy!
America has lost its AAA rating and gained over $6T in debt under Barack Obama and now he wants to raise the debt ceiling--SCARY!
Sure--Barack Obama's literary agent claims the 1991 booklet was a 'mistake'  Pretty convenient.
Let's take a closer look at that birth certificate. Barack Obama was described in 2003 as being "born in Kenya." 
Reckless! Why is Barack Obama wasting over $70 Billion on 'climate change activities?' Will he ever learn?  
Wa Po attack on alleged high school incidents by Mitt Romney is a hit job to me. Where are Barack Obama's high school and college records?
SHOCK! While attacking Mitt Romney's private equity experience, Barack Obama raises $2M from private equity bankers 
Wrong! Under Barack Obama's watch, Israel is not being invited to NATO summit in Chicago this month 
Under Barack Obama, the Iranian nuclear program has rapidly grown. 
Why won't Barack Obama repeal the Defense of Marriage Act if he supports gay marriage?   He is gaming the issue.
According to Rasmussen Poll Mitt Romney has a 12 point advantage over Barack Obama on the economy  Look for it to grow.
My gretawire interview discussing Barack Obama's misleading political ad, Mitt Romney's response and Cher  and Rosie 
Worired that the USC will strike down Obama Care, Barack Obama is trying to implement his debacle in public schools 
Did Barack Obama try to bribe Rev. Wright with $150K?    I am sure the media will be all over this.
Good news. Voters give Mitt Romney the edge over Barack Obama on handling the economy according to gallupnews 
If the press can report stories from Mitt Romney's dorm years then why can't it find Barack Obama's college and law school transcripts?
The April jobs report is terrible. If the labor forces didn't shrink under Barack Obama then real unemployment (cont) 
Selective memory - Barack Obama says that he "forgets" the recession  Maybe that's why he is forgetting to create jobs.
Welcome to the new reality. Barack Obama is now letting China buy US banks  The US government is selling us out.
We must keep the pressure on Barack Obama's administration to make sure Chen comes to the US. It would be a tragedy to abandon him in China.
No wonder Afghanistan is a mess! Barack Obama is releasing high level insurgents in exchange for pledges of peace. 
The 9/11 trials at Gitmo over the weekend were a disaster. Can you imagine how much worse it would be if Barack Obama tried them in NYC?
According to Barack Obama the War on Terror is over   but global warming is a national (cont) 
Welcome to the Barack Obama recovery--the labor force participation rate is at a NEW 30 year low of 64.3%  
Now Barack Obama is praising China's "cooperation" in negotiations over Chen Guangcheng  This is a sad episode for us.
The rolling average of jobless claims is the highest in 5 months   Obama Care continues to slow growth and cost jobs.
WRONG!Barack Obama capitulated to China by releasing Chen Guangcheng out of the US Embassy   China really has our number
When will Barack Obama release his college and law school transcripts? 
My interview with NYDNGatecrasher discussing Barack Obama's WHCD and my endorsement of Mitt Romney 
Bad move-Barack Obama released $147M in aid to the Palestinians  That money is going to Hamas.
My Squawk CNBC interview discussing Barack Obama's WHCD, my Scotland property and Barack Obama using Bin Laden's death 
My foxandfriends interview discussing Barack Obama's WHCD, lowering tax rates, Republic of Georgia and (cont) 
Guess which POTUS has held more fundraisers than the previous 5 combined?  Barack Obama is (cont) 
Barack Obama's delivery on Saturday night was excellent--cute mention of Trump--and I am flattered to be mentioned. Barack Obama
Claims for unemployment are at a 3 month high  Where's the Barack Obama recovery?
The Obama's Spain vacation cost taxpayers over $476K  They love to spend money.
Admiral Mc Raven had full operational control of the Bin Laden mission  Barack Obama gave vague directions.
I wonder why Barack Obama is now spending $8B to postpone Obamacare's Medicare Cuts until after the election? 
He Barack Obama believes that the War on Terror is over   Who does he think won?
Majority of Independents want Obamacare overturned   The best way to do it is by voting out Barack Obama
Made in America? Barack Obama argues that his long form birth certificate is irrelevant in court.
The Government spends 30% more than it admits   Barack Obama is out of control with his deficit spending.
American professors were in Tehran for an Occupy Wall Street Conference   Barack Obama's diplomatic initiative?!?!
69 Democrats voted in favor of the Keystone pipeline in the House this week  A major defeat for Barack Obama
A bad manager such as Barack Obama will continually be plagued by scandals.    Leadership starts at the top.
Don't be fooled. In 2008 Barack Obama promised immigration reform in his 1st yr of his 1st term. Now promising (cont) 
RECKLESS! Barack Obama has now increased the debt more than any other POTUS and the first 42 combined. 
Mitt Romney is right--this election is about jobs  But it is interesting that Barack Obama (cont) 
Ted Nugent was obviously using a figure of speech, unfortunate as it was. It just shows the anger people have towards Barack Obama.
Mitt Romney has shown last week that he will campaign aggressively against Barack Obama. I am confident he can defeat Barack Obama.
By Barack Obama's design, the middle class will be hit with record taxes under Obama Care through inflation    REPEAL!
Obama's Secret Service catastrophe has openly revealed a great lack of respect for our President. If they (cont) 
Under Barack Obama, 5 major banks now control 56% of economy from 43% in 2007   Another catastrophe is brewing.
Yesterday was Barack Obama's favorite day of the year--he collects our taxes to redistribute.
Our ally Canada is 'frustrated' by Barack Obama's radical anti-gas policies  BHO is forcing Canada to send gas to China.
While Barack Obama watches, China is trying to have the yuan overtake our dollar as the international (cont) 
My foxandfriends interview discussing Barack Obama's reckless spending, the Buffet Tax gimmick and Celeb Apprentice 
Barack Obama who wants to raise all our taxes, only pays 20.5% on $790k salary.  Do as I say not as I do.
If Barack Obama's policies are so advantageous then why is he constantly invoking Ronald Reagan on the Stump? 
U.S. jobless claims are at a 2 month high. Barack Obama's gas policy and Obama Care are directly killing jobs.
Now Barack Obama's Vice-Chief of Joint Staff is defending China while they cheat   Wrong course of action.
It's Thursday, how much $ has Barack Obama wasted today?
He Mitt Romney is a successful entrepreneur. Barack Obama successfuly ruined America's credit. Easy choice in November.
There can never be a sharp economic recovery until Barack Obama is out of the White House.
Good news--Rick Santorum did the right thing. I congratulate him on running a very good race. Now it's onto Barack Obama -- go get him Mitt!
He Barack Obama wants 23 years of Mitt Romney's tax returns  Let's see BHO's school (cont) 
Mitt Romney has created more jobs in the private sector than Barack Obama has as President. Mitt Romney's record (cont) 
THe WH should not have hosted the Muslim Brotherhood. Barack Obama's friends are enemies of the US and Israel. The Islamist winter is here.
It's Barack Obama--who wants to raise all our taxes--who applauds China for cutting their taxes! (cont) 
His Barack Obama's budget: interest payments to China will exceed US defense spending by 2019  Barack Obama's America!
Arrived in Palm Beach, drove by a gas staion, $4.50 a gallon. Result of failed Barack Obama leadership.
While Barack Obama criticizes the GOP budget, his own party graded him with an "F" by voting down his budget in the House 414-0.
My gretawire interview discussing Barack Obama's USC comments, insurance premiums, Sarah Palin USA on the (cont) 
Barack Obama doesn't believe in the Supreme Court or its power--I thought he was a constitutional lawyer. Why (cont) 
Remember what I said about Barack Obama attacking Iran before the election--I hope the Iranians are not so (cont) 
He Barack Obama made a deal with Saudi Arabia to pump the hell out of oil until after the election. Watch what (cont) 
Another solar company Barack Obama funded with our money has filed for bankruptcy   One (cont) 
He Barack Obama said it would be 'unprecedented' if the USC rules that Obama Care is unconstitutional. It was (cont) 
He Barack Obama should not be trying to intimidate the USC justices on Obama Care. He is worried because SG (cont) 
"The Barack Obama administration is far more enthusiastic about boosting food-stamp enrollment than about preventing fraud." Time To Get Tough
America's competitors love Barack Obama. Medvedev Russia E says Barack Obama has been "the best 3 years" for Russia 
He Barack Obama wants record high gas prices--drilling permits on federal land are declining under his regime 
Obama Care is a disaster. Despite the mandate there will still be 27M uninsured and premiums will rise at FASTER rate 
White House Press Sec. had a hard time explaining why Barack Obama supported tax breaks for oil companies in (cont) 
Waste! With a $16T debt and $1T budget deficit, Barack Obama is sending $770M overseas "to fight global warming" 
Bad news for Barack Obama. gallupnews reports that the economy (71%) and gas prices (65%) are Americans' top (cont) 
VP Biden is delusional. He is criticizing Mitt Romney on jobs. Barack Obama's economic record is an abject failure.
In 2008 Barack Obama warned that "electricity rates will necessarily skyrocket" during his term. Mission Accomplished! 
marcorubio's endorsement of Mitt Romney shows that the GOP is coalescing to defeat Barack Obama.
He Barack Obama received an early endorsement from the Soviet newspaper Pravda over Mitt Romney (cont) 
The House Republicans and Democrats are finally unanimous! Yesterday they voted down Barack Obama's $3.6T budget (cont) 
My gretawire interview where I discuss the Obama Care USC argument, gas prices & Ivanka Trump's new clothing line 
"What's incredible is that Obamacare hasn't even kicked in yet and aleady it's doing tremendous damage." (cont) 
I wonder if Barack Obama has promised Iran and China that he can be more flexible after his last election?
When Barack Obama is not vacationing, he is hosting his top donors in the White House   Always having a good time!
Let's not get too excited about Monday's U.S. Supreme Court oral argument on Obama Care before the decision. No (cont) 
jayleno - my description of Mitt Romney - "Future President" or "POTUS 45" or "Barack Obama's Worst Nightmare"
"Sadly, when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs, Obama has been a total disaster. And (cont) 
Not his 'per se'? A Friday document dump shows Barack Obama all-hands-on-deck as Solyndra collapsed   Barack Obama lies.
Obama Care is clearly unconstitutional. Hopefully the USC rules correctly but in the end repealing Obama Care requires a political solution.
He Barack Obama is caught on tape making election promises to Medvedev Russia E on missile defense and national security 
"If we reelect Barack Obama, the America we leave our kids and grandkids won't look like the America we were (cont) 
He Barack Obama is incapable of admitting that he is a complete and utter failure. He is 100% responsible for Solyndra. 
Rick Santorum is desperate. Now he is saying that he would prefer Barack Obama over Mitt Romney. (cont) 
Barack Obama keeps taking credit for an increase in oil production. Of course his policies have nothing to do (cont) 
"The blatant waste of taxpayers' dollars doesn't bother Obama, because it's all part of his broader nanny-state (cont) 
Strange--why didn't Barack Obama hold any special event to celebrate the 2 year anniversary of Obama Care? 
Why gas prices will cost Barack Obama re-election: pain-at-the-pump-not-good-for-obama 
Congratulations to Barack Obama for being reckless. In his first 38 months in office the debt has grown at a rate that is unthinkable.
Why does Barack Obama always have to rely on teleprompters?
My Gretawire interview where I discuss why Barack Obama is an economic ignoramus and how OPEC is inflating gas prices. 
"If we keep on this path, if we reelect Barack Obama, the America we leave our kids and grandkids won't look (cont) 
Barack Obama has wasted billions of our tax dollars on speculative green projects like Solyndra. He is an economic ignoramus.
Barack Obama is hard at work today on his highest priority--his reelection. Barack Obama has 5 fundraisers in 2 cities.
He Barack Obama invited his top campaign bundlers and donors to the British State Dinner  So corrupt!
The Barack Obama administration now claims to have done "everything" to reduce gas prices   What about Keystone?
SHOCK! Obama Care will cost double what Barack Obama promised -- over $1.76   -- and result (cont) 
The 2012 budget deficit is already $93 billion larger than earlier estimates  Barack Obama (cont) 
The day after Barack Obama blocks a Texas voter photo ID law, James Okeefe III exposes more dead people getting ballots 
Mitt Romney has won the most delegates, received the most votes and won the most states. The primary is over. Time to defeat Barack Obama.
Barack Obama doesn't have an answer for how much Americans should pay for gas   He wants $6/gallon gas!
He Rick Santorum should get out of the race so Republicans can focus on Barack Obama.
His Barack Obama's specialties? Vacations and campaigning. Jobs not so much!
Pathetic: Barack Obama did not want to veto Keystone himself--so he lobbied the Democrats in the Senate to defeat it.
When I was 18, people called me Donald Trump. When he was 18, Barack Obama was Barry Soweto. Weird.
Coincidence? More than half of Barack Obama's 47 biggest fundraisers have been given administration jobs. 
Barack Obama set a record deficit last February - $229 billion while borrowing 42 cents of every dollar it spent. Barack Obama is reckless.
The Barack Obama recovery - US unemployment is 9.1%, US underemployment is 19.1%    Businesses won't hire under Obama.
My interview with Ingraham Angle discussing Mitt Romney's Super Tuesday  and why Barack Obama must be defeated.
Gas is $6 already in California. Don' worry - Barack Obama's Algae energy policy is going to pay major (cont) 
He Barack Obama will lose a delegate in Oklahoma--he only got 57% of the vote in the Democrat primary 
He Barack Obama claims he does not want higher gas prices. That's not what he said in 2008:  
My interview on ASavage Nation discussing why Mitt Romney will defeat Barack Obama with a strong campaign. 
Someone should ask Barack Obama in today's press conference how he accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 presidents combined.
He Barack Obama promised to close Gitmo in his first year. It is still open 3 years later and about to get a (cont) 
He Barack Obama is using the IRS to sabotage the Tea Party  What about the Occupy Wall Street groups?
China is raising its defense budget by 11%   Barack Obama wants to cut ours by over $1Trillion. Wrong policy.
A MUST READ! Andrew Breitbart's last article--The Vetting, Part I: Barack Obama's Love Song to Alinsky 
Once again, Barack Obama's speech at AIPAC yesterday proved that he is more concerned about containing Israel (cont) 
Shock! Obamacare's high risk pool spending DOUBLED government estimates   Barack Obama is bankrupting this country!
The real unemployment rate according to the CBO is 15%   Barack Obama's economic recovery is all "Hope"
Barack Obama claims that his Koran apology "calmed things down"   US troops were killed by (cont) 
Mitt Romney is right--the Chinese have 'walked all over' Barack Obama   Mitt Romney will rein in the Chinese.
Barack Obama should stop pressuring Israel against attacking Iran and worry how he will stop the Iranian nuclear drive. Barack Obama
Gas prices are up 30 cents this month, rising 21 days in a row   Don't worry - Barack Obama has a solution--ALGAE!
"Barack Obama seems to have no regard for how China is conducting massive industrial espionage against the (cont) 
Barack Obama's Energy Sec. called for $7-$9 gas in January. Wish granted.  Barack Obama owns the gas prices.
Obama Care gives free insurance to illegal immigrants. Yet Barack Obama is cutting our troops healthcare.  (cont) 
He was quick to issue an apology on behalf of America to Karzai. Why won't he release the letter? Barack Obama  
The oil reserve is a strageic asset for a time of war and an embargo. Barack Obama should open more land for drilling, not tap the reserve.
"If Barack Obama is really concerned about carbon emissions and air pollution, then maybe he should have (cont) 
The UK has run out of money and can't afford to borrow.  Neither can we but that doesn't stop Barack Obama.
It is time Republicans stop attacking each other and focus on Barack Obama. America cannot survive a second term.
"While Barack Obama is obsessed with 'green collar jobs,' blue collar workers aren't buying it." (cont) 
As gas prices keep rising, Barack Obama won't approve Keystone. Instead he is pushing algae - yes, algae - as an (cont) 
In 2008, Barack Obama campaigned against $3.50 gas        It is now $6 in Florida and on the rise. He is a disaster!
Irony! Barack Obama was in Florida yesterday fundraising. Gas also rose to $6/gallon for Florida drivers yesterday. 
Rev. Graham made a critical point. Barack Obama has turned a blind eye to the Christians being persecuted in (cont) 
Now Barack Obama wants us to believe the Republicans cancelled Keystone and are responsible for $4 gas. He (cont) 
As the Barack Obama's took their 16th vacation this month, unemployment is back to 9% and underemployment at (cont) 
Iran's threats are no excuse for the 9 month high price of oil. OPEC is ripping us off while Barack Obama watches. 
If the GOP will have any chance to beat Barack Obama in November, the great people of Michigan need to support Mitt Romney's candidacy.
Michelle Obama's weekend ski trip to Aspen makes it 16 times that Obamas have gone on vacation in 3 years. (cont) 
Admitted:Barack Obama's Treasury Secretary admitted that their 2013 budget does nothing to address America's (cont) 
Our ally Canada wants to send their oil down south to us. Barack Obama is forcing Canada to send it west to China.
"By raiding the defense budget to pay for his failed social programs, Barack Obama continues to weaken our (cont) 
"I've got news for President Barack Obama: America is not what's wrong with the world. I don't believe we need (cont) 
Weakness is very dangerous: Barack Obama is going to unilaterally disarm our nuclear arsenal. America keeps the world safe!
Bush was called "unpatriotic" by Barack Obama in '07 for adding $4T to debt    Barack Obama increased it $6T in 3 years.
Gallup poll proves that Barack Obama's regulation and Obamacare are stopping small business owners from hiring   SHOCK!
Canada's PM was in China last week brokering a deal to sell the oil Barack Obama rejected in Keystone.    Unbelievable!
Wrong Policy: Barack Obama wants to cut defense spending by $487B while China is building their navy in the Pacific. 
The recession was made worse by Barack Obama. A $900Billion deficit is not getting better.
When the economy is bad, Barack Obama wants to raise taxes. When the economy is good, Barack Obama wants to raise taxes. Notice a trend?
"The final part of restoring fiscal sanity to America is the most obvious, and that's to control Obama-style (cont) 
Barack Obama's budget funds the "Arab Spring" with $800B and the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt $1.3B in military aid. He loves radical Islam.
This is dangerous: Barack Obama is seeking to shrink Israeli military funding but gives $1.3Billion to Muslim (cont) 
A gallon of gas is $3.523 today and has never before risen so high early in the year  The Barack Obama policy realized!
So wrong! Barack Obama is hosting China's VP Xi Jinping today at the Pentagon with a full honor ceremony with music and cannons...
A day after Barack Obama released a trillion dollar budget deficit, he is hosting China's future leader VP Xi Jinping. America's new reality.
Congressional Black Caucus Chairman Emanuel Cleaver is right. Barack Obama's budget is a "nervous breakdown on paper."
A day after Greece burned Barack Obama released a $3.8 Trillion budget for 2013 with a $900 Billion deficit.He will turn America into Greece
This has to stop! Barack Obama loves accruing American debt--he missed his budget deficit goal by over $500 billion. 
This week we saw what Obama Care actually does when implemented.  It is a losing issue for Barack Obama and must be repealed.
Barack Obama’s class warfare rhetoric is taking a backseat for the DNC convention.  He is charging $1 Million for a single suite.
“Obama doesn’t respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us. He thinks that the wealth you create (cont) 
"The GOP needs to learn how to get tough and outnegotiate Barack Obama and his big spending allies in (cont) 
The Church is yet another victim to his liberal agenda: Barack Obama lied to his Catholic supporters to pass Obama Care.
Why should he? He's only the POTUS--and Barack Obama has "no opinion" on whether the Senate should pass a budget.  
My Fox News interview with gretawire discussing the 2012 GOP primary and Obama Care's attack on the Catholic Church.  
Obama Care is an attack on our country's identity. The latest victim is the Catholic church. It must be full repealed. Barack Obama
Government dependency has surged over 23% since Barack Obama has taken office.  He is creating an entitlement culture.
Barack Obama hard at work yesterday shooting a marshmallow cannon in the WH East Room while our country burns. 
Many, many people are disappointed I didn't run third party--but I won't risk Barack Obama benefiting from a split in the anti-Obama vote.
Another Barack Obama green car loan recipient is laying off staff.   How many billions of our money has he wasted?
A record 1.2 million Americans have left the job force during Barack Obama's "recovery"   Don't trust the job numbers.
"Destroying the world's finest health-care system so that Barack Obama can have his socialized medicine program (cont) 
I believe Barack Obama is manipulating the jobless numbers 
As China is building an air and naval force, Barack Obama is cutting ours.    He is weakening our national security.
The Prayer Breakfast was used by Barack Obama to say that the Bible commands higher income taxes. That's not the way it is!
The economy is in terrible shape. Barack Obama is manipulating the job numbers to hide the truth. 
He's saddled our children with more debt than we accumulated in 225 years in America. Barack Obama has done an (cont) 
Congrats Mitt Romney on a huge NV victory. Let’s make Barack Obama a one term president  One Term Fund
The CBO has predicted that unemployment will rise to 8.8% this next year.   This is Barack Obama's economic recovery.
My CNNS interview with wolfblitzercnn discussing my endorsement of Mitt Romney and why he can beat Barack Obama 
I watched Barack Obama at the National Prayer Breakfast -- and he looked totally uncomfortable with his words. (cont) 
trumpvlog Barack Obama's dismal record in today's video blog.... 
He Barack Obama wants to release 5 senior Taliban detainees back to the Taliban.    The Taliban out negotiates him!
His spending is reckless: Barack Obama will set a record fourth year of a $1 trillion budget deficit.   
Shocking--two of Barack Obama's largest campaign bundlers are directly linked to Solyndra    What a coincidence!
The Muslim Brotherhood, Barack Obama's allies in Egypt, will cancel the Camp David Agreement.    What a disaster!
A commander in chief has to possess the right instincts. That's one of the biggest problems with Barack Obama: (cont) 
"What's incredible is that Obamacare hasn't even kicked in yet and already it's doing tremendous damage." (cont) 
My gretawire interview discussing Barack Obama's economic failures, attack on capitalism and playing class warfare. 
All eyes are on Florida today. I will be watching the GOP primary results very closely. We need the right candidate to beat Barack Obama.
The Islamists are taking over Egypt through the election.   Why did Barack Obama force Mubarak out? He was an ally.
Keystone must be approved through Congress. Barack Obama is costing America over 20,000 jobs and driving the price of gas high.
The GOP primary is getting very nasty. The candidates need to remember that Barack Obama is the main target. He must not be reelected.
Food stamps up 45%. Federal handouts up 45%. Is Barack Obama happy? 
Another electric car firm that Barack Obama gave $118M just went bankrupt.   He loves to waste our tax dollars.
He admits his presidency has been flawed...but Barack Obama claims economy is stronger. 
He makes a mistake "every hour, every day" admits Barack Obama.   The problem is that we are paying for them.
"I've got news for President Obama: America is not what's wrong with the world." Time To Get Tough  
"Sadly, when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs, Barack Obama has been a total (cont) 
“It’s sad—truly sad and disgraceful—the way Obama has allowed America to be abused and kicked around (cont) 
Barack Obama’s Russian Ambassador stated that he supports ‘universal values’ not ‘American values’ (cont) 
Barack Obama’s SOTU claim that “companies get tax breaks for moving jobs and profits overseas” is 100% false 
Barack Obama gave 1% of his income to charity from 2000 through 2004  I guess he only likes spending our money.
Barack Obama’s SOTU ratings were down 12% from 2011   He can't even deliver ratings in an election year.
My gretawire interview discussing Ivanka Trump wanting me to run for POTUS, Barack Obama’s SOTU and his China policy 
Last night in his SOTU, Barack Obama claimed that he is a friend of Israel. Does anyone really believe that.
After Solyndra, Barack Obama is stil intent on wasting our tax dollars on unproven technologies and risky companies. He must be accountable.
Notice how Barack Obama failed to mention Obama Care last night in his SOTU. Even he knows it is terrible.
"For a president who likes to showcase how hip and tech savvy he is, Obama also appears surprisingly clueless (cont) 
It is a shame Keystone wasn't powered by solar panels and wind because then Barack Obama would have wasted billions on it.
A gallon of gas has more than doubled while Barack Obama has been POTUS and he still won't approve Keystone.
It has been 1,000 days since Barack Obama has passed a budget. He continues to spend this country into the ground without any control.
Tonight in his SOTU, Barack Obama won't talk about Keystone. He will continue to dissemble about his record and play class warfare.
"Look, here's the deal: Barack Obama has been a total disaster. He has spent this country into the ground and (cont) 
Obama wants Americans to keep buying crude from OPEC who is ripping us off instead of our ally Canada through (cont) 
Iran is threatening to shut the Strait of Hormuz and Barack Obama won't approve the Keystone pipeline. His energy policy makes America weak.
"To the Barack Obama administration, saving money isn't the point--expanding government and spending more (cont) 
"While Obama is obsessed with "green collar jobs," blue collar workers aren't buying it." (cont) 
Canada will now sell its oil to China because Barack Obama rejected Keystone. At least China knows a good deal when they see it.
Obama's new campaign ad defends Solyndra   I guess losing $500M is a cause for celebration for Barack Obama.
The national debt continues to rise at record levels and today Barack Obama is in Disney World. He lives in a fantasy.
When will Barack Obama release his transcripts? What is he hiding?
Playing politics with the Keystone decision? Barack Obama vetos 20,000 jobs and cheaper oil.
Barack Obama is unveiling a tourism plan in Disney World on Thursday. 
Barack Obama ‘asked’ Iran for our drone back. They are returning a miniature model.  Another diplomatic coup!
Barack Obama won’t approve the Keystone Pipeline so Canada is now looking to sell their oil to China (cont) 
There are 11 more Solyndras in the Barack Obama energy program   He loves to waste our (cont) 
“Barack Obama may have been a good ‘community organizer,’ but the man is a lousy international dealmaker.” Time To Get Tough
trumpvlog The Republicans must defeat Barack Obama, not themselves..... 
The Republicans should NOT give Barack Obama the authority to raise the debt another $1.2Trillion (cont) 
While Barack Obama is slashing the military, he is also negotiating with our sworn enemy the Taliban--who facilitated 9/11.
An Iranian nuclear scientist's car exploded in Tehran yesterday--lots of problems to come--Barack Obama --we need real leadership.
With unempoyment over 10% in 2009, Barack Obama held an extravagant Alice in Wonderland party. He is a man of the people!
51% of Jon Huntsman's NH voters are satisfied with Barack Obama as president      So is Jon Huntsman!
OPEC has just raised oil to over $102/Barrel. And Barack Obama still won't approve the Keystone Pipeline. Does he want high gas prices?
3 Chief of Staffs in less than 3 years of being President: Part of the reason why Barack Obama can't manage to pass his agenda.
Obama Care is such a national treasure that Barack Obama has waived over 1,200 companies from the law  
Priorities: Barack Obama wants to slash a Trillion dollars from military spending while raising the salaries of (cont) 
??? Barack Obama held a raffle with donors for a lunch in the White House. The winners were conveniently all (cont) 
"Sadly, when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs, Obama has been a total disaster."  Time To Get Tough
"Instead of creating new jobs, Obamacare is destroying jobs. And the worst part is yet to come, since the truly (cont) 
AMAZING - Barack Obama has actually found a government program he can cut in half - the Defense Department...bad (cont) 
Now Barack Obama is planning to have we the taxpayers pay off mortgages--he will spend this country into the ground. 
President Barack Obama's vacation is costing taxpayers millions of dollars----Unbelievable!
"Obama's plan to have Russia stand up to Iran was a horrible failure that turned America into a laughingstock."  Time To Get Tough
Michelle Obama likes to be addressed as "Your Excellency."   She is an excellent spender of taxpayer money on herself.
"Under President Barack Obama, China has experienced unusually fast gains and America unusually fast losses." Time To Get Tough
He should be ignored: Ron Paul's foreign policy is a dream come true for our enemies. He has zero chance to beat Barack Obama.
Another Barack Obama investment triumph--the $500Billion American funded Finnish plug in cars are all being recalled 
"The Wall Street Journal has reported that Obama's food stamp policies are ushering in a massive 'food stamp crime wave.'" Time To Get Tough
My Fox News interview with gretawire discussing the GOP primary, my 2012 options and why Barack Obama must lose 
When will the US government finally classify China as a currency manipulator? China is robbing us blind and Barack Obama defends them.
I play golf to relax. My company is in great shape. Barack Obama plays golf to escape work while America goes down the drain.
I'm right, TPM is wrong - Barack Obama did not issue a special statement for Christmas--however he issued one (cont) 
He is destroying our country:Barack Obama has requested to raise our debt limit to over $16.4Trillion by the end (cont) 
What a convenient mistake: Barack Obama issued a statement for Kwanza but failed to issue one for Christmas. 
The Keystone pipeline will create 20,000 jobs and lower gas prices. But Obama says No. Dumb.
The habitual vacationer, Barack Obama, is now in Hawaii. This vacation is costing taxpayers $4 milion +++  while there is 20% unemployment.
In order to preserve my options and guarantee that Barack Obama is defeated, I changed my voter registration to independent.
The Keystone pipeline will create 20,000 jobs and make us less energy dependent from the Middle East. Barack Obama says No!
Even if Barack Obama stays in DC, taxpayers will pay millions for his Hawaii vacation when Americans are struggling 
My Fox News interview with gretawire discussing how Barack Obama is delusional and how a 3rd party candidate can win. 
He is delusional: Barack Obama believes that he is the 4th best POTUS ever.
"Obamacare has to be killed now before it grows into an even bigger mess, as it inevitably will." Time To Get Tough
What a shock! The U.S. Capitol Christmas tree pays homage Barack Obama but failed to mention Jesus.
He thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the gov't. Barack Obama doesn't respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us.
"He thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the government--Barack Obama doesn't respect the fact that the (cont) 
Barney Frank admited that Obama Care does have 'death panels' yesterday. Obamacare must be fully repealed or healthcare will be destroyed.
With a record deficit and $15 trillion in debt, Barack Obama is spending $4 million of our money on his Hawaii vacation. Just plain wrong.
China just put a tariff on US cars and trucks--22%--China is laughing at our inept leaders. Barack Obama
But maybe my biggest beef with Obama is his view that there's nothing special or exceptional about America. Time To Get Tough
This is what Barack Obama thinks: that America would be better off if we acted more like European socialist (cont) 
If speeches and memoirs created jobs then Barack Obama would be Ronald Reagan.
The habitual vacationer, Barack Obama, has sacrificed so much. He is delaying his 17 day Hawaii vacation a couple of hours.
The Mullahs laughed when Barack Obama "asked" Iran to return our drone--they will show it to China first.
He says he will spend $1 B to get re-elected: Barack Obama. I can match him--preserving my options.
Who handed Iraq over to Iran yesterday? Barack Obama. We have gotten nothing from the Iraqis-- we should have them pay us back with oil.
The Mullahs are laughing at what they think is a very stupid president,Barack Obama has "asked" for Iran to return the drone Time To Get Tough
Look, here's  the deal: Barack Obama has been a total disaster. He has spent this country into the ground and destroyed jobs Time To Get Tough
Barack Obama has accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 Presidents combined. He is simply out of control.
Why did Barack Obama let Iran keep our drone? Now it is going straight to the Chinese. He should have taken it out.
Why was the Hanukah celebration held in the White House two weeks early? Barack Obama wants to vacation in Hawaii in late December. Sad.
Yesterday I explained to wolfblitzercnn on CNNSit Room why Barack Obama doesn't deserve credit for killing Bin Laden 
If the GOP Establishment really wants to defeat Barack Obama then they should read Time To Get Tough.
Time To Get Tough presents bold solutions on taxes, national security, the debt, dealing with OPEC and China and defeating Barack Obama.
Why does Barack Obama continue to defend radical Islam? He is calling the Ft. Hood massacre "workplace violence."
You know what is the worst part of Barack Obama's Tuesday speech playing class warfare--we paid for it with our tax dollars.
"The Architect" Karl Rove is directly responsible for losing both houses & Barack Obama becoming President. Ignore him.
All this from a guy who lectured Americans about tightening their belts: Barack Obama bashes rich people an… (cont) 
 Trumps Warns of Obama Tipping Point that May Destroy America    via Newsmax_media
When it comes to China, Barack Obama practices "pretty please" diplomacy. He begs and pleads and bows---and it… (cont) 
Here's my message to Barack Obama: America is a capitalistic country. Get over it and get on with it!  Time To Get Tough
Meeting Former Speaker Newt Gingrich next week. On the Agenda---defeating Barack Obama.
When it comes to China, Barack Obama practices "pretty please" diplomacy. He begs and pleads and bows--and it'… (cont) 
Fitch has downgraded our credit outlook to "negative." Why? Barack Obama's failure to lead with the Super Committee. 
Unbelievable how he gets away with it:  Barack Obama is flying around on Air Force One, laughing at everybod… (cont) 
The habitual vacationer: Barack Obama has campaigned on our dime more than any previous president in history… (cont) 
It's inconvenient and inconsiderate: Barack Obama is doing a fundraiser tonight, making it almost impossibl… (cont) 
trumpvlog Barack Obama is very inconsiderate... 
In order to get elected, Barack Obama will start a war with Iran.
The CBO has confirmed that Barack Obama's stimulus "crowds out" private investment while not creating any jobs.  
Real unemployment is at over 21%. Businesses won't hire until Barack Obama is defeated in 2012. Time To Get Tough
Third quarter GDP was lowered to 2% . There won't be any economic recovery until Barack Obama is defeated.
Why does Barack Obama support the radical Islamists in Egypt protests yet has such a high disregard for the Tea Party?
Obama Care does indeed ration care. Seniors are now restricted to "comfort care" instead of brain surgery. Repeal now! 
American sanctions alone cannot stop Iran's nuclear drive--and Barack Obama cannot get China and Russia to agree on new Iranian sanctions.
The habitual vacationer--Barack Obama--spent 9 days before the critical Super Committee deadline traveling.  He failed to lead, again.
Yesterday Barack Obama actually spent a full day in Washington. He didn't campaign, fund raise or play golf. Shocking.
My  foxandfriends interview from yesterday discussing how Barack Obama failed to show any leadership on th… (cont) 
When the Super Committee fails, Barack Obama will get exactly what he really wants--automatic cuts in defense spending. This is his plan.
If Barack Obama wanted the "Super Committee" to succeed, he would have lead. Instead he has been campaigning. Where is the leadership?
Obama Care is one of the greatest threats our country faces.  It is unsustainable and will lead America into complete insolvency.
Why is Barack Obama delaying the sale of F-16 aircraft to Taiwan? Wrong message to send to China. Time To Get Tough
Washington is simply incapable of any moderation because Barack Obama is such an extreme leftist.  He must be defeated. TIme To Get Tough.
Made in America? Barack Obama called his 'birthplace'  Hawaii  "here in Asia."    
Regardless of the USC's ruling, Obama Care can only be defeated politically. It must be legislatively repealed or America will go bankrupt.
The stimulus "is a net negative effect on the growth of GDP over 10 years" --as admitted by Barack Obama's own CBO 
Israel faces an existential threat in Iran's nuclear drive. Unfortunately Barack Obama is no friend of Israel.
Crude has skyrocketed since Barack Obama delayed the Keystone Pipeline. Not only are 20,000 jobs gone, but family budgets are tightening.
In the span of two months Barack Obama, the habitual vacationer, has called America "soft" and lazy." He loves to criticize America.
Barack Obama has increased the EPA budget by over 150%.  The EPA is an impediment to both growth and jobs.  It sends jobs overseas.
Barack Obama has already added $5 Trillion to the national debt in less than 3 years. We must defeat him in 2012. Time To Get Tough
Fewer Americans are now insured through their employers due to higher premiums. Obamacare must be fully repealed. 
Barack Obama delayed the Keystone pipeline decision until 2013. Now Canada is looking to export more oil to China. 
Americans who can afford to buy enough food is now at a 3 year low. Is this Barack Obama’s ‘recovery’? 
Barack Obama, the habitual vacationer, called America "lazy" this past weekend while in Hawaii.
Barack Obama will attack Iran in the not too distant future because it will help him win the election. If the… (cont) 
Barack Obama made a campaign decision on delaying the Keystone Pipeline to 2013.The pipeline would lower oil prices and create jobs.
October has a 7% foreclosure increase last month. Is this Barack Obama’s economic recovery?
2012 is the most important election of my lifetime. Barack Obama must be defeated.
My interview with Ingraham Angle discussing THEHerman Cain, Barack Obama's mistreatment of Israel and GOP 2012. 
The Debate, Barack Obama's mic, and my Endorsement in today's trumpvlog--- 
Solyndra's government loan and subsequent bankruptcy  prove that Barack Obama is both corrupt and inept.
He is out of real solutions--Barack Obama's job bill is nothing more than a tax increase.
Instead of trash talking PMIsrael on the world stage, Barack Obama should be defending Israel.
China 'scorns'  US cyber espionage charges--China does not respect us    and feels Obama is a "dummy"
The economy won't fully recover until  Obama Care is fully repealed. It is a job killer!
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood just made its first visit to Hamas-led Gaza. Why did Barack Obama promote the "Arab Spring"?
Why is Barack Obama letting the Taliban know when our troops are leaving?   This is dangerous for our soldiers.
The Al Qaeda flag is now flying over Benghazi. Barack Obama spent over $3Billion of our money for this?
Our economy cannot stay competitive with policies like these: Barack Obama is proposing over $90 Billion in new regulations.
Obama Care contains marriage penalty taxes. Why should married couples be penalized for having healthcare?
Our worst threat to unemployment is Obama Care.  It will also destroy our country's basic standards.
The Debt is our nation's greatest threat. Barack Obama is out of touch.
THe 2012 election is the most important in my lifetime. We must nominate a candidate who will win and will roll back Barack Obama's damage.
Does Barack Obama ever work? He is constantly campaigning and fundraising--on both the taxpayer's dime and time---not fair!
Libya is adopting a more radical form of Sharia Law now under their new leadership. Is this what Barack Obama wanted?
So much for creating American jobs--Barack Obama gave $529 Million to a "Green" car company---so they can be manufactured in Finland.
The job plan by Barack Obama is nothing more than a second stimulus. The first failed and so will this one.
Why did Barack Obama liberate Libya and do nothing for the Iranian protestors? Iran is a threat to our national security.
My thoughts on Gadhafi's death, Barack Obama, and the misery index...  trumpvlog
Barack Obama claims that all his choices were "the right ones." I am sure the 20% of Americans who are unemployed disagree.
Both Barack Obama and China have embraced OWS. All want the decline of America. Time for the protesters to go home.
My thoughts on barackobama's campaign.... 
My Fox News interview last night on hannityshow discussing OWS and  Barack Obama's incompetent leadership.  
Our country is blowing up and Barack Obama is out campaigning.
If Obama Care is not repealed then we can expect stagnant growth, long term unemployment and record high premiums.
Barack Obama is holding Taiwan's request for 66 advanced F-16's. Wrong message to send to China.
Late last Friday Barack Obama announced his 2011 budget deficit  was $1.299 trillion -- the second largest in US history.
Why is Barack Obama always campaigning or on vacation?
If the Wall Street protesters are upset about the economy then they should really be protesting Barack Obama at the White House.
When will Barack Obama release an actual budget?
The only job Barack Obama cares about is his own. Everything he does is for his own reelection.
Barack Obama is trying to pass another stimulus after the first was a complete failure. Does he really believe we are that stupid?
In order to save Medicare and stop record premium increases--we must repeal Obama Care.
Barack Obama sold guns to the Mexican drug cartels.  They were used in the murders of Americans . Where is the outrage?
Barack Obama now says  that he is an "underdog in 2012." America should be so lucky. We still need a solid candidate.
Our national debt has grown by 30% and a gallon of gas has doubled so far under Barack Obama. He is a disaster.
Barack Obama released documents late last Friday proving his administration was directly involved in sellin… (cont) 
Barack Obama said yesterday that we have "gone soft." How can the world respect us when our own President doesn't?
How many  more billions of dollars will Barack Obama continue to waste in these solar companies?
VPBiden is actually right for once:  Biden: "Voters should blame Obama, not Bush, for economy." 
The only way for Medicare and Social Security to remain solvent is if our economy is healthy. Barack Obama doesn't get it.
When will Barack Obama present an actual budget? Enough with the games.
Obama Care must be completely repealed. A recent report from UBS shows that it is the number one reason employers are not hiring.
It seems Barack Obama had our tax dollars buy guns for Mexican drug lords that were used to kill Americans. We need answers now.
Obama Care is a major threat to America's entrepreneurial spirit and competitiveness. Small businesses will b… (cont) 
Obama Care’s taxes vest in 2014. Conveniently after the 2012 election. Coincidence?
Our deficit spending is China’s gain. Barack Obama is bankrupting our country.
Barack Obama's Jobs Plan sure looks like a Tax Increase Plan to me.
Obama Care will destroy small business--the backbone of America's economy.
Sorry I will miss the CPAC gathering in Orlando--there in spirit--Obama must go.
Barack Obama's method of spending the stimulus -- "Obama fundraiser linked to loan program that aided Solyndra"  
I find it really hard to listen to Barack Obama's speeches. He doesn't have a clue.
It  seems there is never a problem for which Barack Obama cannot find a reason for another speech and another tax.
Barack Obama---great job on Solyndra. You are some extremely skilled venture capitalist. Stick to the memoirs and speeches.
Barack Obama -- honored and excited to be listed on Attack Watch. Thanks. BTW -- where are the jobs?   Donald.
Can you imagine if Barack Obama had passed Cap and Trade?!  Energy costs would be double from already record highs.
The Solyndra Scandal--Barack Obama's $500Million photo op. He loves wasting our money.
Barack Obama's job bill contains the word 'Tax' over 330 times--that will sure work!
Barack Obama will hear loud and clear today the message NY-9 is sending by electing Bobturner9th -- Israel is our friend and ally.
How can the economy ever recover when Barack Obama keeps threatening the private sector with more taxes. This is no way to spur growth.
I'm urging my friends in Brooklyn to vote for Bob Turner tomorrow--send barackobama a message.
Friends in NY-9, let Barack Obama know that you don't approve of his mistreatment of Israel.  Vote for Bobturner9th tomorrow!
The World Economic Forum now ranks the US the fifth most competitive economy in the world. We have fallen from first under Barack Obama.
Barack Obama---the stimulus will fail, just like the first.
China is happy to learn that Barack Obama plans to borrow another $300 Billion. Barack Obama is their favorite client.
If only speeches could create jobs then Barack Obama wouldn't have such a dismal economic record.
My interview with gretawire last night on Fox News:  Barack Obama 'Missed His Opportunity'  
Why was Barack Obama selling guns to Mexican drug dealers?
Barack Obama trillion $ stimulus was supposed to create jobs -- instead it gave us more debt and higher unemployment.
Barack Obama wishes speeches could create jobs.  His job is costing America all of ours.
Oil is double the price now compared to last year--OPEC is laughing at Barack Obama.
Fast and Furious put semi-automatics in the hands of Mexican drug lords that killed Americans - Barack Obama should answer all questions.
The White House is predicting 9% unemployment throughout 2012 – and when Obama Care takes effect in 2014 expect it to go even higher.
Barack Obama is so inept that I think he simply  made a mistake in originally scheduling the Joint Session on September 7th. Just sad.
My interview with gretawire last night -- "Everything Obama Does is a 'Campaign Speech'"  
With gas prices rising and the economy failing,  Barack Obama seeks to have his EPA raise energy prices by $109B  
Libya is being taken over by Islamic radicals---with Barack Obama's open support.
Obama Care must be fully repealed or it will destroy America's small businesses.
Barack Obama MUST release a budget before johnboehner begins negotiations on a continuing appropriations resolution.
Why did Barack Obama and his family travel separately to Martha's Vineyard? They love to extravagantly spend on the taxpayers' dime.
Barack Obama inherited $10.6 Trillion in National Debt---will leave after his first term with the Debt at over $17.6 Trillion.
While Barack Obama continues to defend Obama Care in the courts, he is also granting companies waivers. Eve… (cont) 
Barack Obama is sure a master delegator. He has sent Joe_Biden to China. The Chinese are laughing at us. We MUST do better.
Barack Obama’s new job plan will certainly do the following – 1. Not create any jobs. 2. Borrow more money from China. 
Karl Rove --lost GOP both Houses of Congress and the White House--gave us Obama.
My interview with gretawire on Fox News for those who missed it - 'Obama's Constantly on Vacation'      
Barack Obama has a record low 39% Gallup approval rating. Why so high?
Amazing--Obama speaks, market goes  DOWN---Trump tells CNBC he's buying stock---market goes UP --- should not be that way!
Barack Obama played golf yesterday. Now he  heads to a 10 day vacation in Martha's Vineyard.  Nice work ethic.
Obama has no understanding of how to create jobs or opportunity. He believes in Government.
Congress should get back to Washington, but Barack Obama doesn't want to interrupt his vacation in Martha's Vineyard.
Barack Obama took another swipe at the State of Israel for building in their capital Jerusalem on a Jewish hol… (cont) ~7Qs Gg
The S&P downgrade is a direct result of Barack Obama's increased reckless budget spending and Obama Care. He owns this.
Obama Care is already having a devastating impact on our economy.
America's debt officially became 100% of our GDP on Barack Obama's 50th birthday---coincidence?
Republicans gave Obama a free pass to the White House -- they just don't get it.
Disappointed in GOP and Dems---Giving Obama power to raise the debt limit next year is  a mistake.
If Obama has to re-fight this fight next year he loses  -- "Watch the fine details in every deal" -- The Art of the Deal
Barack Obama has not released his own debt plan yet. He's totally lost, ineffective, desperate. GOP has its best chance to make a great deal
Karl Rove's Crossroads GPS new ad criticizes Obama for his excessive spending and debt, borrowing from China. Didn't Bush do the same thing?
My interview yesterday from Newsmax - "Obama Is  'Now Totally Lost,'  Boehner Must Not Fold"  
Obama, sadly, has no business or private sector background---and it shows.
The pressure on the debt ceiling is on Barack Obama....  trumpvlog
UnfortunatelyBarack Obama's continued attack on the US $ will lead to ever rising gas prices at the pump and lots of other really bad things
"Increasing America’s debt weakens us domestically and internationally." - US Senator Barack Obama, 2007
"The Gang of Six" - yet another unmitigated disaster. ANY DEAL NEEDS TO REPEAL OBAMACARE. T-E-A.
Obama is addicted to spending America into insolvency. His record proves it.
While Barack Obama seeks to further destroy  our credit, our economy continues to hemorrhage jobs. Such a total failure---as a President.
The GOP doesn't waste  an opportunity to waste an opportunity. Defunding Obamacare should be central to any deal.
Every dollar Barack Obama spends costs $1.40 with interest borrowed from China on our children and grandchildren's backs. CUT-CAP-BALANCE!
Barack Obama has sold guns to Mexican drug lords while his DOJ erodes our 2nd  Amendment rights.
trumpvlog The Republicans must act now, don't let barackobama push you around.... 
Barack Obama You have increased discretionary spending by 25% annually and amassed over $4 trillion in debt. T-E-A 
What is better advice- "The Art of the Deal" or "Rules for Radicals"? I know which one Barack Obama prefers.
Barack Obama You have abandoned Israel and engaged the Muslim Brotherhood, and even the Arab world does not like it 
While Barack Obama tries to push gun control  --He still has not answered for Project Gun Runner 
House GOP wants to cut Medicare, Obama took $500 billion from Medicare for Obamacare. Both Wrong!
Obama Care Tragedy Primed to Further Explode the Deficit    And Obama transferred $500 billion from Medicare to fund it!
Obama - Iranian weapons killing Americans in Iraq? What are u doing about this?  
If only Obama was as focused on balancing the budget as he is on weakening Israel's borders then America would be on the path to solvency.
Republicans should not negotiate against themselves again with Barack Obama in today's debt talks--First and foremost CUT,CAP and BALANCE.
Congress is back.TIME TO CUT, CAP AND BALANCE.There is no revenue problem.The Debt Limit cannot be raised until Obama spending is contained.
Staff Sgt. Salvatore A. Giunta received the Medal of Honor from Pres. Obama this month. It was a great honor to have him visit me today.
