President Putin of Russia called to thank me and the U.S. for informing them of a planned terrorist attack in the very beautiful city of Saint Petersburg. They were able to quickly apprehend the suspects, with many lives being saved. Great and important coordination!
Russia, Syria, and Iran are killing, or on their way to killing, thousands of innocent civilians in Idlib Province. Don’t do it! Turkey is working hard to stop this carnage.
Russia, Syria, and Iran are killing, or on their way to killing, thousands if inocent civilians in Idlib Province. Don’t do it! Turkey is working hard to stop this carnage.
 ‘This IS the Scandal’: Dan Bongino Explains How John Brennan’s Office Became Ground Zero in the Russian Collusion Scandal 👇🏻…
 Attorney General William Barr, defending his decision to order a review of the Trump-Russia probe's origins, told a Sena…
“The FBI declares in a court filing that it has absolutely no records of disciplinary action against any lawyers in Russia Fisa Case despite 17 acts of misconduct. There is nothing noble about their leadership. FISA Court appears to be either corrupt or incompetent.” Lou Dobbs
 No one has done more to limit Russia’s ability to engage in mischief than President real Donald Trump. …
 Quite an odd thing for Democrats and media to pat themselves on the back for perpetrating a Russia-collusion hoax for 3 yea…
Just had a very good meeting with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and representatives of Russia. Discussed many items including Trade, Iran, North Korea, INF Treaty, Nuclear Arms Control, and Election Meddling. Look forward to continuing our dialogue in the near future! 
 From the individuals who brought you the Russian-Collusion Hoax,  Comes the sequel - the Ukrainian Hoax.  Democrats wil…
“The Democrats haven’t come up with a smocking gun. Nancy Pelosi, by raising this to the level of Impeachment, has raised the bar impossibly high. This comes after three years of nonstop investigations of Trump, the Russian collusion narrative, the Mueller Report, and now the.....
 Mediate and Chuck Todd, having lied throughout the Russia “collusion” BS, now lie about Ukraine.And if Todd wants to be th…
....with the U.S. Presidential Election in November. North Korea, under the leadership of Kim Jong Un, has tremendous economic potential, but it must denuclearize as promised. NATO, China, Russia, Japan, and the entire world is unified on this issue!
“Why re-elect Democrats when you know that this is what they are doing with their majority. Their case is not strong because first it was Russian Collusion, then it was obstruction, then it was Ukraine, now their pivoting back to Russia. Why would they be doing that?” Lisa Booth
 SPECIAL EPISODE with the brilliant MZHemingway on the Russia Collusion Hoax and Kavanaugh.    Watch the full video: https://…
 .House Democrats have thrown every accusation at POTUS realdonaldtrump they can conjure:   — Russian collusion — Obs…
 "Jordan: Democrats didn't admit they were wrong about Russia, just moved on to Ukraine"  Tucker Carlson …
 . real Donald Trump won't get the nomination, Trump won't win, Stock Market will tank, Russia Collusion...These are the st…
“The whole Russia thing was a Hoax, and the Ukraine thing is a Hoax, and the Democrats are a Joke. This is a disaster for them!” Devin Nunes Fox News The Do Nothing Democrats are hurting our Country, and they don’t care!
 Russia invaded eastern Ukraine,  picked off Crimea, and shot an airliner out of the sky killing hundreds of civilians *WHIL…
 Schiff says when Republicans use phrase 'Russia hoax,' they are denying Russian interference. Untrue. Obvious fact: When Rep…
 Re Collusion Hoax it’s not real Donald Trump denying Russia interfered w our 2016 election. It’s Democrats and house media…
 .Rep Stefanik just called out Democrats for their lies about Republican support in holding Russia accountable for election m…
 Washington Democrats made every effort to take down this President with a fake Russian collusion scandal  It failed  Th…
 A live look at House Democrats trying to impeach President real Donald Trump. First Russia, then obstruction, now Ukraine. De…
“Not a single American citizen has been charged with anything related to Russian Collusion, not one person.” Tucker Carlson  It was all an illegal Witch Hunt!
 NYT report: DOJ opening a criminal investigation into the spreading of the Russian collusion conspiracy  If true, this…
....They exonerated him completely of being an agent of Russia (Recently Crooked Hillary charged Tulsi Gabbard and Jill Stein with the same thing-SICK), and yet Mr. Comey still runs to the White House on February 14 and conjures up the Obstruction of Justice narrative against.....
 I still have a lot more questions about Hunter Biden and his dealings in Ukraine and Russia.  My video on Fox Busines…
....fiction to Congress and the American People?  I demand his deposition. He is a fraud, just like the Russia Hoax was, and the Ukraine Hoax is now. When do the Do Nothing Democrats pay a price for what they are doing to our Country, and when do the Republicans finally fight back?
So now Crooked Hillary is at it again! She is calling Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard “a Russian favorite,” and Jill Stein “a Russian asset.” As you may have heard, I was called a big Russia lover also (actually, I do like Russian people. I like all people!). Hillary’s gone Crazy!
Crooked Hillary Clinton just called the respected environmentalist and Green Party candidate, Jill Stein, a “Russian Asset.” They need a Green Party more than ever after looking at the Democrats disastrous environmental program!
 Obama foreign policy:  —Let Syria cross his “red line”  —Hillary’s Failed Russian Reset  —$150 Billion in cash to our en…
....and Assad to protect the land of our enemy? Anyone who wants to assist Syria in protecting the Kurds is good with me, whether it is Russia, China, or Napoleon Bonaparte. I hope they all do great, we are 7,000 miles away!
I was elected on getting out of these ridiculous endless wars, where our great Military functions as a policing operation to the benefit of people who don’t even like the USA. The two most unhappy countries at this move are Russia and China, because they love seeing us bogged.....
....almost 3 years, but it is time for us to get out of these ridiculous Endless Wars, many of them tribal, and bring our soldiers home. WE WILL FIGHT WHERE IT IS TO OUR BENEFIT, AND ONLY FIGHT TO WIN. Turkey, Europe, Syria, Iran, Iraq, Russia and the Kurds will now have to.....
SHIFTY SCHIFF DUPED BY RUSSIAN PRANKSTERS! 
 Rep. Nunes on Dems’ impeachment push: “This is the sequel” to the Russia hoax  …
“Democrats wrote to the Ukrainian government in May 2018 urging it to continue investigations into President Donald Trump’s alleged collusion with Russia in the 2016 presidential campaign — collusion later found NOT TO EXIST.” 
"They (Dems) are scrambling for a theme and narrative. They've gone everywhere from Russian Hoax to Russian Collusion...and now they've come to this...they think they should have won the 2016 election, they think in their bizarre brains that they did..." 
 This latest Kavanaugh “accusation” reminds me an awful lot of the Russia story.  Democrats and the mainstream press come ou…
I call for the Resignation of everybody at The New York Times involved in the Kavanaugh SMEAR story, and while you’re at it, the Russian Witch Hunt Hoax, which is just as phony! They’ve taken the Old Grey Lady and broken her down, destroyed her virtue and ruined her reputation...
 Comey: -Opened Trump-Russia investigation -Put Peter “we’ll stop Trump” Strzok in charge -Allowed Dossier to be used -Leake…
....This is a phony suppression poll, meant to build up their Democrat partners. I haven’t even started campaigning yet, and am constantly fighting Fake News like Russia, Russia, Russia. Look at North Carolina last night. Dan Bishop, down big in the Polls, WINS. Easier than 2016!
Russia and Ukraine just swapped large numbers of prisoners. Very good news, perhaps a first giant step to peace. Congratulations to both countries!
 ....for the most ridiculous claim of all, that Russia, Russia, Russia, or Russian oligarchs, co-signed loan documents…
....for the most ridiculous claim of all, that Russia, Russia, Russia, or Russian oligarchs, co-signed loan documents for me, a guarantee. Totally false, as is virtually everything else he, and much of the rest of the Lame Stream Media, has said about me for years. ALL APOLOGIZE!
 Lindsey Graham on IG investigation into Russia probe: I want the American people to see what happened …
The Failing New York Times, in one of the most devastating portrayals of bad journalism in history, got caught by a leaker that they are shifting  from their Phony Russian Collusion Narrative (the Mueller Report and his testimony were a total disaster), to a Racism Witch Hunt.....
 In 2016, Trump voters were Deplorable  In 2017, Trump voters were Russians  In 2018, Trump voters were Nazis  In 2019, Trum…
The United States is learning much from the failed missile explosion in Russia. We have similar, though more advanced, technology. The Russian “Skyfall” explosion has people worried about the air around the facility, and far beyond. Not good!
Such a great victory in court yesterday on the Russian Hoax, the greatest political scam in the history of our Country. TREASON! Hopefully, the Attorney Generel of the United States, and all of those working with him, will find out, in great detail, what happened. NEVER AGAIN!!!!
....vindication and exoneration from the Russian, Wiki Leaks and every other form of HOAX perpetrated by the DNC, Radical Democrats and others. This is really big “stuff” especially coming from a highly respected judge who was appointed by President Clinton. The Witch Hunt Ends!
 I spoke on the Senate floor today about my extensive record of standing up to Russia, election security, and why we won’t…
The Democrats are still doing the Russians dirty work as they continue to push the fake crime. Media credibility is now shot, Democrat credibility is shot, they’ve wasted over 100 hearings on a Hoax, they’ve done nothing on Infrastructure, drug prices, trade....Jesse BWatters
 Gaetz: "Can you state with confidence the Steele dossier was not part of Russia's disinformation campaign?"  Mueller: "Wi…
 Tom Fitton: Why Didn't Mueller Investigate Clinton Campaign Getting Anti-Trump Dirt from Russians? …
 It’s a fact: The Trump administration, hand-in-hand with the Senate has punched back hard at Russian election interferenc…
 Did Joe Biden forget about Obama’s Secretary of State Hillary Clinton offering a “reset” with Russia, undermining our nat…
 Joe Biden claims Russian election interference wouldn’t have happened on his watch or Obama’s watch.   Seriously, Joe?? I…
....”This Russia Collusion Hoax was perpetrated in part by people inside the government, and in part by a compliant (Fake News) media.” Mollie Hemingway.  Tucker Carlson foxandfriends  The facts are starting to pour out. Stay tuned!
The story in the nytimes about the U.S. escalating attacks on Russia’s power grid is Fake News, and the Failing New York Times knows it. They should immediately release their sources which, if they exist at all, which I doubt, are phony. Times must be held fully accountable!
Do you believe that the Failing New York Times just did a story stating that the United States is substantially increasing Cyber Attacks on Russia. This is a virtual act of Treason by a once great paper so desperate for a story, any story, even if bad for our Country.....
 Coup Update: Bruce Ohr gets $28k bonus in middle of Russiagate spying on Real Donald Trump -- and then gets a raise AFTER he…
 Obama-Clinton-Russia:  The REAL Collusion Scandal; Docs Show Obama State Dept. Launders Steele Dossier to Target real Donald…
Thank you senatemajldr Mitch Mc Connell for understanding the Democrats game of not playing it straight on the ridiculous Witch Hunt Hoax in the Senate. Cryin’ Chuck will never stop. Did Senator Mark Warner ever report speaking to a Russian!?
Thank you senatemajldr Mitch Mc Connell for understanding the Democrats game of not playing it straight on the ridiclious Witch Hunt Hoax in the Senate. Cryin’ Chuck will never stop. Did Senator Mark Warner ever report speaking to a Russian!?
....which he is a member. When Rep Adam Schiff took calls from another person, also very successfully purporting to be a Russian Operative, did he call the FBI, or even think to call the FBI? NO! The fact is that the phony Witch Hunt is a giant scam where Democrats,...
When Senator Mark Warner VA spoke at length, and in great detail, about extremely negative information on me, with a talented entertainer purporting to be a Russian Operative, did he immediately call the FBI? NO, in fact he didn’t even tell the Senate Intelligence Committee of....
Unrelated to Russia, Russia, Russia (although the Radical Left doesn’t use the name Russia anymore since the issuance of the Mueller Report), House Committee now plays the seldom used “Contempt” card on our great A.G. and Sec. of Commerce - this time on the Census. Dems play a.....
“Mueller has spoken. He found No Collusion between the Trump Campaign and the Russians. The bottom line is what the Democrat House is doing is trying to destroy the Trump Presidency (which has been a tremendous success), and I can assure you that we’re done with the Mueller......
 Trump wins historic landslide election.  Democrats - "Russia did it."  Trump sets economic records.  Democrats - "Obama di…
Russia has informed us that they have removed most of their people from Venezuela.
Hearing word that Russia, Syria and, to a lesser extent, Iran, are bombing the hell out of Idlib Province in Syria, and indiscriminately killing many innocent civilians. The World is watching this butchery. What is the purpose, what will it get you? STOP!
Sean Davis, The Federalist: “Mueller proved his entire operation was a political hit job. Still ZERO evidence of Trump-Russia Collusion, and no new evidence from Mueller.”  Tucker Carlson Fox News
Russia, Russia, Russia! That’s all you heard at the beginning of this Witch Hunt Hoax...And now Russia has disappeared because I had nothing to do with Russia helping me to get elected. It was a crime that didn’t exist. So now the Dems and their partner, the Fake News Media,.....
Russia, Russia, Russia! That’s all you heard at the beginning of this Witch Hunt Hoax...And now Russia has disappeared because I had nothing to do with Russia helping me to get elected. It was a crime that didn’t exist. So now the Dems and their partner, the Fake News Media,.....
 “Now it’s time to turn to the origins of the Russia hoax and get to the bottom of why the Trump campaign was spied on…
“Why doesn’t the press apologize to President Trump for the Russian Collusion Delusion?” marklevinshow  Judge Jeanine  How about the Dems also?
Democrat Senator Mark Warner is acting and talking like he is in total control of the Senate Intelligence Committee. Their is nothing bipartisan about him. He should not be allowed to take “command” of that Committee. Too important! Remember when he spoke to the Russian jokester?
..BETWEEN RUSSIA AND THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN. Mr. Mc Gahn can be forgiven for declining the honor of appearing in Mr. Nadler’s pseudo-impeachment drama.”   Wall Street Journal Editorial Board Today - May 21, 2019
 .Rep Mark Meadows: Declassification of Russia investigation docs is "right around the corner."   
Why are the Democrats not looking into all of the crimes committed by Crooked Hillary and the phony Russia Investigation? They would get back their credibility. Jerry Nadler, Schiff,  would have a whole new future open to them. Perhaps they could even run for President!
The Mainstream Media has never been as corrupt and deranged as it is today. FAKE NEWS is actually the biggest story of all and is the true ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE! That’s why they refuse to cover the REAL Russia Hoax. But the American people are wise to what is going on.....
....Now the new big story is that Trump made a lot of money and buys everything for cash, he doesn’t need banks. But where did he get all of that cash? Could it be Russia? No, I built a great business and don’t need banks, but if I did they would be there...and Deutsche Bank......
....and the Democrat National Committee-The Democrat Party apparatus-has been caught using donor Dollars to Collude with Russian Intelligence to attack a domestic political opponent (me). The FBI has no leadership. The Director is protecting the same gang.....that tried to....
When the Mueller Report came out showing NO Collusion with Russia (of course), it was supposed to be over, back to work for the people. But the Dems have gone “nuts,” and it has actually gotten worse! Hope the Republicans win back the House in 2020, or little will get done!
Think of it. I became President of the United States in one of the most hard fought and consequential elections in the history of our great nation. From long before I ever took office, I was under a sick and unlawful investigation concerning what has become known as the Russian....
 If she was part of Russia 2016 campaign operation, odd that Mueller wasn't interested... RT texan_21c: Byron York She was a…
 The Russia investigation is over. After 2 years of Dem and media hysteria, after millions of dollars, after 2800 subpoenas, the…
 DNC Worked With Russian Intel to Overthrow President Real Donald Trump. THIS is why we have the abusive contempt attack on AG…
 Why do Democrats keeping fixating on the same Russia collusion lies?  Because they don’t want to admit that: -our econom…
“Everyone wants to know who needs to be accountable, because it took up two years of our lives talking about this Russian involvement. It proved No Collusion, and people want to trace it back to see how this all happened?” ainsleyearhardt foxandfriends  TREASONOUS HOAX!
 Ever wonder why the Democrats are so obsessed with Russia?    They want to distract from how strong our economy is under…
Very good call yesterday with President Putin of Russia. Tremendous potential for a good/great relationship with Russia, despite what you read and see in the Fake News Media. Look how they have misled you on “Russia Collusion.” The World can be a better and safer place. Nice!
When will the Radical Left Wing Media apologize to me for knowingly getting the Russia Collusion Delusion story so wrong? The real story is about to happen! Why is nytimes, washingtonpost, CNN, MSNBC allowed to be on Twitter and Facebook. Much of what they do is FAKE NEWS!
“They wanted to know what Trump was up to with the Russians - which of course is nonsense. This whole thing was a complete setup.” George Papadopoulos to seanhannity
Had a long and very good conversation with President Putin of Russia. As I have always said, long before the Witch Hunt started, getting along with Russia, China, and everyone is a good thing, not a bad thing....
....We discussed Trade, Venezuela, Ukraine, North Korea, Nuclear Arms Control and even the “Russian Hoax.” Very productive talk!
OK, so after two years of hard work and each party trying their best to make the other party look as bad as possible, it’s time to get back to business. The Mueller Report strongly stated that there was No Collusion with Russia (of course) and, in fact, they were rebuffed.....
 .Judicial Watch FOIA disclosures help lead to criminal referral on Russiagate targeting of real Donald Trump. …
Why didn’t President Obama do something about Russia in September (before November Election) when told by the FBI? He did NOTHING, and had no intention of doing anything!
 It’s time to figure out what the Comey Cabal did at the start of the fake “Russia collusion” investigation.  Comey, Andy Mc…
 “Rep. Jim Jordan on plans to investigate the origins of the Russia collusion investigation”  
 Victor Davis Hanson: Mueller Probe Could Backfire on Those Who Fabricated Russia-Collusion Narrative - You Tube …
“A very exculpatory section of the Mueller Report: NO CONSPIRACY, COORDINATION or COLLUSION with the Trump Campaign and the Russians. You can’t be more clear than that!” Gregg Jarrett 
 Lotta stuff in the report. From Secrets Bedard: Kushner cleared of seeking Russian money to pay real estate debt. .…
The end result of the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history is No Collusion with Russia (and No Obstruction). Pretty Amazing!
The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to stir up and anger the pols and as many people as possible seldom mentioning the fact that the Mueller Report had as its principle conclusion the fact that there was NO COLLUSION WITH RUSSIA. The Russia Hoax is dead!
 JWPrez Tom Fitton  Mueller Report Confirms Russia Hoax, NEW Deep State Lawsuit, John Kerry Colluding w/ Iran? .…
Kimberley Strassel should get the Pulitzer. She is a treasure (and I don’t know her) who correctly called the Russia Hoax right from the start! Others who were soooo wrong will get the Prize. Fake News! 
“The Mueller Report is perhaps the single most humiliating thing that has ever happened to the White House Press in the history of this Country. They know they lied...Many reporters lied about Russia Collusion and so much more. Clapper and Brennan, all lies” Tucker Carlson
Anything the Russians did concerning the 2016 Election was done while Obama was President. He was told about it and did nothing! Most importantly, the vote was not affected.
A must read, Andy Mc Carthy’s column today, “Dirty dealings of dirt devils who concocted Trump-Russia probe.” The greatest Scam in political history. If the Mainstream Media were honest, which they are not, this story would be bigger and more important than Watergate. Someday!
The Mueller Report, which was written by 18 Angry Democrats who also happen to be Trump Haters (and Clinton Supporters), should have focused on the people who SPIED on my 2016 Campaign, and others who fabricated the whole Russia Hoax. That is, never forget, the crime.....
So, it has now been determined, by 18 people that truly hate President Trump, that there was No Collusion with Russia. In fact, it was an illegal investigation that should never have been allowed to start. I fought back hard against this Phony and Treasonous Hoax!
“The underlying issue remains the same without a single American being indicted for Collusion with Russia, and that is a stunning end considering we were led to believe (Fake News) that something much more dramatic would happen. Why did people fall for this?” Tucker Carlson Molly H
“The reason the whole process seems so politicized is that Democrats made up this complete lie about Collusion ....and none of it happened.” Charles Hurt. The Russian Hoax never happened, it was a fraud on the American people!
Why should I be defending a fraudulent Russian Witch Hunt. It’s about time the perpetrators of this fraud on me and the American People start defending their dishonest and treasonous acts. How and why did this terrible event begin? Never Forget!
.... against something I knew never existed, Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous!) - No Obstruction. This Russia Hoax must never happen to another President, and Law Enforcement must find out, HOW DID IT START?
According to polling, few people seem to care about the Russian Collusion Hoax, but some Democrats are fighting hard to keep the Witch Hunt alive. They should focus on legislation or, even better, an investigation of how the ridiculous Collusion Delusion got started - so illegal!
So funny that The New York Times and The Washington Post got a Pulitzer Prize for their coverage (100% NEGATIVE and FAKE!) of Collusion with Russia - And there was No Collusion! So, they were either duped or corrupt? In any event, their prizes should be taken away by the Committee!
Robert Mueller was a Hero to the Radical Left Democrats, until he ruled that there was No Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous to even say!). After more than two years since the “insurance policy” statement was made by a dirty cop, I got the answers I wanted, the Truth.....
.Gregg Jarrett: “Trump-Russia 'collusion' was always a hoax -- and dirtiest political trick in modern US history” 
The Mainstream Media is under fire and being scorned all over the World as being corrupt and FAKE. For two years they pushed the Russian Collusion Delusion when they always knew there was No Collusion. They truly are the Enemy of the People and the Real Opposition Party!
 Tom Fitton on Real Donald Trump Russia Mueller Probe: 'They've KNOWN There Was NO Collusion" And, by the way, Devin Nunes is…
“Breaking News: Mueller Report Finds No Trump-Russia Conspiracy.” MSNBC
“The Special Counsel did not find that the Trump Campaign, or anyone associated with it, conspired or coordinated with the Russian Government in these efforts, despite multiple offers from Russian-affiliated individuals to assist the Trump Campaign.”
“No matter your ideologies or your loyalties, this is a good day for America. No American conspired to cooperate with Russia in its efforts to interfere with the 2016 election, according to Robert Mueller, and that is good.”  Bret Baier  Fox News
“John Solomon: As Russia Collusion fades, Ukrainian plot to help Clinton emerges.” seanhannity  Fox News
 Russiagate was designed in part to help the UK counter Russian influence by baiting the United States into taking a ha…
....Should Federal Election Commission and/or FCC look into this? There must be Collusion with the Democrats and, of course, Russia! Such one sided media coverage, most of it Fake News. Hard to believe I won and am winning. Approval Rating 52%, 93% with Republicans. Sorry!  MAGA
....should never have been appointed and there should be no Mueller Report. This was an illegal and conflicted investigation in search of a crime. Russian Collusion was nothing more than an excuse by the Democrats for losing an Election that they thought they were going to win.....
“The Lisa Page (FBI) transcript also confirms earlier reporting that Page testified Russian Collusion was still unproven when Special Counsel Robert Mueller was appointed.” Catherine Herridge, Fox News  In other words they appointed someone when there was (and is) no crime. Bad!
 BREAKING: Even Mueller's case against Russia itself, for interfering in the 2016 election, is breaking down
 Glenn Simpson and Christopher Steele r 2 of biggest villains in Russia collusion hoax, yet neither has faced serious scrutin…
Both the Judge and the lawyer in the Paul Manafort case stated loudly and for the world to hear that there was NO COLLUSION with Russia. But the Witch Hunt Hoax continues as you now add these statements to House and Senate Intelligence and Senator Burr. So bad for our Country!
 Jim Jordan: No evidence of Trump colluding with Russia, but 'all kinds' showing Clinton campaign did …
Now that they realize the only Collusion with Russia was done by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats, Nadler, Schiff and the Dem heads of the Committees have gone stone cold CRAZY. 81 letter sent to innocent people to harass them. They won’t get ANYTHING done for our Country!
Oh’ I see! Now that the 2 year Russian Collusion case has fallen apart, there was no Collusion except bye Crooked Hillary and the Democrats, they say, “gee, I have an idea, let’s look at Trump’s finances and every deal he has ever done. Let’s follow discredited Michael Cohen.....
All false reporting (guessing) on my intentions with respect to North Korea. Kim Jong Un and I will try very hard to work something out on Denuclearization and then making North Korea an Economic Powerhouse. I believe that China, Russia, Japan and South Korea will be very helpful!
The only Collusion with the Russians was with Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee...And, where’s the Server that the DNC refused to give to the FBI?  Where are the new Texts between Agent Lisa Page and her Agent lover, Peter S? We want them now!
President Xi of China has been very helpful in his support of my meeting with Kim Jong Un. The last thing China wants are large scale nuclear weapons right next door. Sanctions placed on the border by China and Russia have been very helpful. Great relationship with Chairman Kim!
Highly respected Senator Richard Burr, head of Senate Intelligence, said, after interviewing over 200 witnesses and studying over 2 million pages of documents, “WE HAVE FOUND NO COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA.” The Witch Hunt, so bad for our Country, must end!
“If thinking that James Comey is not a good FBI Director is tantamount to being an agent of Russia, than just list all the people that are agents of Russia - Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, Rod Rosenstein who wrote the memo to get rid of Comey, the Inspector General....” Trey Gowdy
“After two years and interviewing more than two hundred witnesses, the Senate Intelligence Committee has NOT discovered any direct evidence of a conspiracy between the Trump Campaign and Russia.”  Ken Dilanian NBCNews
Disgraced FBI Acting Director Andrew Mc Cabe pretends to be a “poor little Angel” when in fact he was a big part of the Crooked Hillary Scandal and the Russia Hoax - a puppet for Leakin’ James Comey. I.G. report on Mc Cabe was devastating. Part of “insurance policy” in case I won....
The Senate Intelligence Committee: THERE IS NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA!
 I don’t feel an ounce of empathy for all of the imbeciles who bought into the Russian collusion hoax now that it’s been entir…
Senator Richard Burr, The Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, just announced that after almost two years, more than two hundred interviews, and thousands of documents, they have found NO COLLUSION BETWEEN TRUMP AND RUSSIA! Is anybody really surprised by this?
 TRUMP: “Not only did Senator Burr’s Committee find No Collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia, it’s important because t…
The mainstream media has refused to cover the fact that the head of the VERY important Senate Intelligence Committee, after two years of intensive study and access to Intelligence that only they could get, just stated that they have found NO COLLUSION between “Trump” and Russia....
Not only did Senator Burr’s Committee find No Collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia, it’s important because they interviewed 200 witnesses and 300,000 pages of documents, and the Committee has direct access to intelligence information that’s Classified. Gregg Jarrett
Highly respected Senator Richard Burr, Chairman of Senate Intelligence, said today that, after an almost two year investigation, he saw no evidence of Russia collusion. “We don’t have anything that would suggest there was collusion by the Trump campaign and Russia.”  Thank you!
So now Congressman Adam Schiff announces, after having found zero Russian Collusion, that he is going to be looking at every aspect of my life, both financial and personal, even though there is no reason to be doing so. Never happened before! Unlimited Presidential Harassment....
...big Crooked Hillary law firm, represented by her lawyer Michael Sussmann (do you believe this?) who worked Baker hard and gave him Oppo Research for “a Russia probe.” This meeting, now exposed, is the subject of Senate inquiries and much more. An Unconstitutional Hoax. Fox News
Former FBI top lawyer James Baker just admitted involvement in FISA Warrant and further admitted there  were IRREGULARITIES in the way the Russia probe was handled. They relied heavily on the unverified Trump “Dossier” paid for by the DNC and Clinton Campaign, and funded through a...
Remember it was Buzzfeed that released the totally discredited “Dossier,” paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats (as opposition research), on which the entire Russian probe is based! A very sad day for journalism, but a great day for our Country!
 No one accused Obama of being a Russian agent after he asked for “more flexibility” until after the the election, or whe…
 Based on the record, the allegation/suggestion that the FBI came close to investigating real Donald Trump as a Russian s…
“Gas prices drop across the United States because President Trump has deregulated Energy and we are now  producing a great deal more oil than ever before.” foxandfriends  But this is bad news for Russia, why would President Trump do such a thing? Thought he worked for Kremlin?
....Likewise, do not want the Kurds to provoke Turkey. Russia, Iran and Syria have been the biggest beneficiaries of the long term U.S. policy of destroying ISIS in Syria - natural enemies. We also benefit but it is now time to bring our troops back home. Stop the ENDLESS WARS!
I have been FAR tougher on Russia than Obama, Bush or Clinton. Maybe tougher than any other President. At the same time, and as I have often said, getting along with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. I fully expect that someday we will have good relations with Russia again!
How do you impeach a president who has won perhaps the greatest election of all time, done nothing wrong (no Collusion with Russia, it was the Dems that Colluded), had the most successful first two years of any president, and is the most popular Republican in party history 93%?
“Absolutely nothing” (on Russian Collusion). Kimberley Strassel, The Wall Street Journal. The Russian Collusion fabrication is the greatest Hoax in the history of American politics. The only Russian Collusion was with Hillary and the Democrats!
There has never been a president who has been tougher (but fair) on China or Russia - Never, just look at the facts. The Fake News tries so hard to paint the opposite picture.
So hard to believe that Lindsey Graham would be against saving soldier lives and billions of $$$. Why are we fighting for our enemy, Syria, by staying and killing ISIS for them, Russia, Iran and other locals? Time to focus on our Country and bring our youth back home where they belong!
....Russia, Iran, Syria and many others are not happy about the U.S. leaving, despite what the Fake News says, because now they will have to fight ISIS and others, who they hate, without us. I am building by far the most powerful military in the world. ISIS hits us they are doomed!
Getting out of Syria was no surprise. I’ve been campaigning on it for years, and six months ago, when I very publicly wanted to do it, I agreed to stay longer. Russia, Iran, Syria and others are the local enemy of ISIS. We were doing there work. Time to come home and rebuild. MAGA
 It took a British court to reveal it, but more shocking evidence of the REAL "Russian collusion" and it wasn't about …
Michael Isikoff was the first to report Dossier allegations and now seriously doubts the Dossier claims. The whole Russian Collusion thing was a HOAX, but who is going to restore the good name of so many people whose reputations have been destroyed?
....WILL NEVER BE PROVEN AND ARE LIKELY FALSE.”  Thank you to Michael Isikoff, Yahoo, for honesty. What this means is that the FISA WARRANTS and the whole Russian Witch Hunt is a Fraud and a Hoax which should be ended immediately. Also, it was paid for by Crooked Hillary and DNC!
Russia Dossier reporter now doubts dopey Christopher Steele’s claims! “When you get into the details of the Steele Dossier, the specific allegations, we have not seen the evidence to support them. There’s good grounds to think that some of the more sensational allegations.....
Good luck today in court to General Michael Flynn. Will be interesting to see what he has to say, despite tremendous pressure being put on him, about Russian Collusion in our great and, obviously, highly successful political campaign. There was no Collusion!
....The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax, started as the “insurance policy” long before I even got elected, is very bad for our Country. They are Entrapping people for misstatements, lies or unrelated things that took place many years ago. Nothing to do with Collusion. A Democrat Scam!
Wow, 19,000 Texts between Lisa Page and her lover, Peter S of the FBI, in charge of the Russia Hoax, were just reported as being wiped clean and gone. Such a big story that will never be covered by the Fake News. Witch Hunt!
Never in the history of our Country has the “press” been more dishonest than it is today. Stories that should be good, are bad. Stories that should be bad, are horrible. Many stories, like with the REAL story on Russia, Clinton and the DNC, seldom get reported. Too bad!
James Comey’s behind closed doors testimony reveals that “there was not evidence of Campaign Collusion” with Russia when he left the FBI. In other words, the Witch Hunt is illegal and should never have been started!
“Democrats can’t find a Smocking Gun tying the Trump campaign to Russia after James Comey’s testimony. No Smocking Gun...No Collusion.” Fox News  That’s because there was NO COLLUSION. So now the Dems go to a simple private transaction, wrongly call it a campaign contribution,...
“This is collusion illusion, there is no smoking gun here. At this late date, after all that we have gone through, after millions have been spent, we have no Russian Collusion. There is nothing impeachable here.” Geraldo Rivera  Time for the Witch Hunt to END!
Without the phony Russia Witch Hunt, and with all that we have accomplished in the last almost two years (Tax and Regulation Cuts, Judge’s, Military, Vets, etc.) my approval rating would be at 75% rather than the 50% just reported by Rasmussen. It’s called Presidential Harassment!
I am certain that, at some time in the future, President Xi and I, together with President Putin of Russia, will start talking about a meaningful halt to what has become a major and uncontrollable Arms Race. The U.S. spent 716 Billion Dollars this year. Crazy!
....Lightly looked at doing a building somewhere in Russia. Put up zero money, zero guarantees and didn’t do the project. Witch Hunt!
“This demonstrates the Robert Mueller and his partisans have no evidence, not a whiff of collusion, between Trump and the Russians. Russian project legal. Trump Tower meeting (son Don), perfectly legal. He wasn’t involved with hacking.”     Gregg Jarrett.  A total Witch Hunt!
Based on the fact that the ships and sailors have not been returned to Ukraine from Russia, I have decided it would be best for all parties concerned to cancel my previously scheduled meeting....
When will this illegal Joseph Mc Carthy style Witch Hunt, one that has shattered so many innocent lives, ever end-or will it just go on forever? After wasting more than $40,000,000 (is that possible?), it has proven only one thing-there was NO Collusion with Russia. So Ridiculous!
....hundreds of people closely involved with my campaign who never met, saw or spoke to a Russian during this period? So many campaign workers, people inside from the beginning, ask me why they have not been called (they want to be). There was NO Collusion and Mueller knows it!
The only “Collusion” is that of the Democrats with Russia and many others. Why didn’t the FBI take the Server from the DNC? They still don’t have it. Check out how biased Facebook, Google and Twitter are in favor of the Democrats. That’s the real Collusion!
Emmanuel Macron suggests building its own army to protect Europe against the U.S., China and Russia. But it was Germany in World Wars One and Two - How did that work out for France? They were starting to learn German in Paris before the U.S. came along. Pay for NATO or not!
President Macron of France has just suggested that Europe build its own military in order to protect itself from the U.S., China and Russia. Very insulting, but perhaps Europe should first pay its fair share of NATO, which the U.S. subsidizes greatly!
You mean they are just now finding votes in Florida and Georgia – but the Election was on Tuesday? Let’s blame the Russians and demand an immediate apology from President Putin!
Rumor has it that Senator Joe Donnelly of Indiana is paying for Facebook ads for his so-called opponent on the libertarian ticket. Donnelly is trying to steal the election? Isn’t that what Russia did!?
The New York Times has a new Fake Story that now the Russians and Chinese (glad they finally added China) are listening to all of my calls on cellphones. Except that I rarely use a cellphone, and when I do it’s government authorized. I like Hard Lines. Just more made up Fake News!
For the record, I have no financial interests in Saudi Arabia (or Russia, for that matter). Any suggestion that I have is just more FAKE NEWS (of which there is plenty)!
I met with the DOJ concerning the declassification of various UNREDACTED documents. They agreed to release them but stated that so doing may have a perceived negative impact on the Russia probe. Also, key Allies’ called to ask not to release. Therefore, the Inspector General.....
Watch Maria Bartiromo at 6:00 P.M. on Fox Business. Russian Hoax the big topic! Mainstream Media, often referred to as the Fake News Media, hates to discuss the real facts!
Just watched Sunday Morning Futures with Maria Bartiromo on Fox News. This show is MANDATORY watching if you want to understand the massive governmental corruption and the Russian Hoax. It will be rebroadcast this evening at 6:00 P.M. on Fox Business. A must see!
The illegal Mueller Witch Hunt continues in search of a crime. There was never Collusion with Russia, except by the Clinton campaign, so the 17 Angry Democrats are looking at anything they can find. Very unfair and BAD for the country. ALSO, not allowed under the LAW!
While my (our) poll numbers are good, with the Economy being the best ever, if it weren’t for the Rigged Russian Witch Hunt, they would be 25 points higher! Highly conflicted Bob Mueller and the 17 Angry Democrats are using this Phony issue to hurt us in the Midterms. No Collusion!
 “We have found nothing to show collusion between President Trump and Russia, absolutely zero, but every day we get more…
“The President has absolutely demonstrated no wrongdoing whatsoever and that the Special Counsel has no evidence of any wrongdoing. In other words, it’s time to end this Witch Hunt.” Lou Dobbs   Russian “collusion” was just an excuse by the Democrats for having lost the Election!
“We have found nothing to show collusion between President Trump and Russia, absolutely zero, but every day we get more documentation showing collusion between the FBI and DOJ, the Hillary campaign, foreign spies and Russians, incredible.” Sara Carter DC Lou Dobbs
President Bashar al-Assad of Syria must not recklessly attack Idlib Province. The Russians and Iranians would be making a grave humanitarian mistake to take part in this potential human tragedy. Hundreds of thousands of people could be killed. Don’t let that happen!
“There is no possible way the Trump Tower meeting between Don Trump jr and a couple of Russians, who have very deep connections to both the Clintons and Fusion GPS, and where no information on the Clintons was exchanged, is a crime. Dems are blinded by their hatred of Trump.” Bongino
“No information was ever given by the Trump Team to Russia, yet the Hillary Clinton campaign paid for information from Kremlin sources and just washed it through an intermediary, Christopher Steele.”  Jesse Waters
....positions of power. That’s part of the story of the Russia Hoax. Christopher Steele is on the payroll of Hillary Clinton and the FBI, and when they fired him for lying, they continued to use him. Violation of FBI regulations. Kept trying to verify the unverifiable.” Gregg Jarrett
The Rigged Russia Witch Hunt did not come into play, even a little bit, with respect to my decision on Don Mc Gahn!
Wow, Nellie Ohr, Bruce Ohr’s wife, is a Russia expert who is fluent in Russian. She worked for Fusion GPS where she was paid a lot. Collusion! Bruce was a boss at the Department of Justice and is, unbelievably, still there!
What’s going on at CNN is happening, to different degrees, at other networks - with NBCNews being the worst. The good news is that Andy Lack(y) is about to be fired(?) for incompetence, and much worse. When Lester Holt got caught fudging my tape on Russia, they were hurt badly!
“Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid for information from the Russian government to use against her government - there’s no doubt about that!” Tucker Carlson
Report just out: “China hacked Hillary Clinton’s private Email Server.” Are they sure it wasn’t Russia (just kidding!)? What are the odds that the FBI and DOJ are right on top of this? Actually, a very big story. Much classified information!
....FISA abuse, Christopher Steele and his phony and corrupt Dossier, the Clinton Foundation, illegal surveillance of Trump Campaign, Russian collusion by Dems - and so much more. Open up the papers and documents without redaction? Come on Jeff, you can do it, the country is waiting!
Disgraced and discredited Bob Mueller and his whole group of Angry Democrat Thugs spent over 30 hours with the White House Councel, only with my approval, for purposes of transparency. Anybody needing that much time when they know there is no Russian Collusion is just someone....
All of the fools that are so focused on looking only at Russia should start also looking in another direction, China. But in the end, if we are smart, tough and well prepared, we will get along with everyone!
“Fox News has learned that Bruce Ohr wrote Christopher Steele following the firing of James Comey saying that he was afraid the anti-Trump Russia probe will be exposed.”  Charles Payne  Fox Business   How much more does Mueller have to see? They have blinders on - RIGGED!
“While Steele shopped the document to multiple media outlets, he also asked for help with a RUSSIAN Oligarch.”  Catherine Herridge of Fox News  Lou Dobbs  In other words, they were colluding with Russia!
Mark Levin “When they had power they didn’t stop the Russians, the Chinese, the North Koreans, they funded the Iranians and are responsible for the greatest scandal in American history by interfering with our election and trying to undermine the Trump Campaign and Trump Presidency.”
The Rigged Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on as the “originators and founders” of this scam continue to be fired and demoted for their corrupt and illegal activity. All credibility is gone from this terrible Hoax, and much more will be lost as it proceeds. No Collusion!
Lou Dobbs: “This cannot go forward...this Special Counsel with all of his conflicts, with his 17 Angry Democrats, without any evidence of collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia. The Dems are the ones who should be investigated.” Thank you Lou, so true!
Fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok is a fraud, as is the rigged investigation he started. There was no Collusion or Obstruction with Russia, and everybody, including the Democrats, know it. The only Collusion and Obstruction was by Crooked Hillary, the Democrats and the DNC!
Lou Dobbs: “This cannot go forward...this Special Councel with all of his conflicts, with his 17 Angry Democrats, without any evidence of collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia. The Dems are the ones who should be investigated.” Thank you Lou, so true!
.Maria Bartiromo  “No evidence to launch even an investigation into potential collusion between Donald Trump and the Russians - and here we are, a year and a half later.”
“There has been no evidence whatsoever that Donald Trump or the campaign was involved in any kind of collusion to fix the 2016 election. In fact the evidence is the opposite, that Hillary Clinton and the Democrats colluded with the Russians to fix the 2016 election.” Graham Ledger
....a law firm, eventually Kremlin connected sources, to gather info on Donald Trump. Collusion is very real with Russia, but only with Hillary and the Democrats, and we should demand a full investigation.” Dan Bongino on foxandfriends  Looking forward to the new IG Report!
“Collusion with Russia was very real. Hillary Clinton and her team 100% colluded with the Russians, and so did Adam Schiff who is on tape trying to collude with what he thought was Russians to obtain compromising material on DJT. We also know that Hillary Clinton paid through....
...Dianne is the person leading our Nation on “Collusion” with Russia (only done by Dems). Will she now investigate herself? 
Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett on his book, “THE RUSSIA HOAX, THE ILLICIT SCHEME TO CLEAR HILLARY CLINTON AND FRAME DONALD TRUMP,” going to 1 on nytimes and Amazon. It is indeed a HOAX and WITCH HUNT, illegally started by people who have already been disgraced. Great book!
Congratulations to  Gregg Jarrett on The TREMENDOUS success of his just out book, “The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump.” Already number one on Amazon. Hard work from a brilliant guy. It’s the Real Story of the Rigged Witch Hunt!
“We already have a smoking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent, it was Hillary Clinton. How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad?” Marc Thiessen, Washington Post
Looking back on history, who was treated worse, Alfonse Capone, legendary mob boss, killer and “Public Enemy Number One,” or Paul Manafort, political operative and Reagan/Dole darling, now serving solitary confinement - although convicted of nothing? Where is the Russian Collusion?
“We already have a smocking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent, it was Hillary Clinton. How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad?” Marc Thiessen, Washington Post
Russian Collusion with the Trump Campaign, one of the most successful in history, is a TOTAL HOAX. The Democrats paid for the phony and discredited Dossier which was, along with Comey, Mc Cabe, Strzok and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, used to begin the Witch Hunt. Disgraceful!
....Also, why is Mueller only appointing Angry Dems, some of whom have worked for Crooked Hillary, others, including himself, have worked for Obama....And why isn’t Mueller looking at all of the criminal activity and real Russian Collusion on the Democrats side-Podesta, Dossier?
....,the only Collusion with Russia was with the Democrats, so now they are looking at my Tweets (along with 53 million other people) - the rigged Witch Hunt continues! How stupid and unfair to our Country....And so the Fake News doesn’t waste my time with dumb questions, NO,....
“The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump” is a Hot Seller, already Number One! More importantly, it is a great book that everyone is talking about. It covers the Rigged Witch Hunt brilliantly. Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett!
I’m very concerned that Russia will be fighting very hard to have an impact on the upcoming Election. Based on the fact that no President has been tougher on Russia than me, they will be pushing very hard for the Democrats. They definitely don’t want Trump!
.....”Carter Page wasn’t a spy, wasn’t an agent of the Russians - he would have cooperated with the FBI. It was a fraud and a hoax designed to target Trump.” Tom Fitton Judicial Watch A disgrace to America. They should drop the discredited Mueller Witch Hunt now!
So President Obama knew about Russia before the Election. Why didn’t he do something about it? Why didn’t he tell our campaign? Because it is all a big hoax, that’s why, and he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win!!!
 The Summit with Russia was a great success, except with the real enemy of the people, the Fake News Media. I look forw…
“Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES” 
“Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES.” 
The Summit with Russia was a great success, except with the real enemy of the people, the Fake News Media. I look forward to our second meeting so that we can start implementing some of the many things discussed, including stopping terrorism, security for Israel, nuclear........
“Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES.” Thank you to foxandfriends and Fox News for actually showing the clips. The Fake News wants no part of that narrative! Too bad they don’t want to focus on all of the ECONOMIC and JOBS records being set.
The Fake News Media wants so badly to see a major confrontation with Russia, even a confrontation that could lead to war. They are pushing so recklessly hard and hate the fact that I’ll probably have a good relationship with Putin. We are doing MUCH better than any other country!
Some people HATE the fact that I got along well with President Putin of Russia. They would rather go to war than see this. It’s called Trump Derangement Syndrome!
....Russia has agreed to help with North Korea, where relationships with us are very good and the process is moving along. There is no rush, the sanctions remain! Big benefits and exciting future for North Korea at end of process!
While the NATO meeting in Brussels was an acknowledged triumph, with billions of dollars more being put up by member countries at a faster pace, the meeting with Russia may prove to be, in the long run, an even greater success. Many positive things will come out of that meeting..
While I had a great meeting with NATO, raising vast amounts of money, I had an even better meeting with Vladimir Putin of Russia. Sadly, it is not being reported that way - the Fake News is going Crazy!
I had a great meeting with NATO. They have paid $33 Billion more and will pay hundreds of Billions of Dollars more in the future, only because of me. NATO was weak, but now it is strong again (bad for Russia). The media only says I was rude to leaders, never mentions the money!
A productive dialogue is not only good for the United States and good for Russia, but it is good for the world. HELSINKI2018 
Our relationship with Russia has NEVER been worse thanks to many years of U.S. foolishness and stupidity and now, the Rigged Witch Hunt!
President Obama thought that Crooked Hillary was going to win the election, so when he was informed by the FBI about Russian Meddling, he said it couldn’t happen, was no big deal, and did NOTHING about it. When I won it became a big deal and the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by Strzok!
 Landed in Finland for helsinki2018 where POTUS and Prez Putin are set to discuss US/Russian relations. POTUS meeting is in…
Congratulations to France, who played extraordinary soccer, on winning the 2018 World Cup. Additionally, congratulations to President Putin and Russia for putting on a truly great World Cup Tournament -- one of the best ever!
Heading to Helsinki, Finland – looking forward to meeting with President Putin tomorrow. Unfortunately, no matter how well I do at the Summit, if I was given the great city of Moscow as retribution for all of the sins and evils committed by Russia...
 The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Admini…
 These Russian individuals did their work during the Obama years. Why didn’t Obama do something about it?  Because he t…
These Russian individuals did their work during the Obama years. Why didn’t Obama do something about it?  Because he thought Crooked Hillary Clinton would win, that’s why. Had nothing to do with the Trump Administration, but Fake News doesn’t want to report the truth, as usual!
The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Administration. Why didn’t they do something about it, especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September, before the Election?
The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Administrations. Why didn’t they do something about it, especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September, before the Election?
 ....On top of it all, Germany just started paying Russia, the country they want protection from, Billions of Dollars f…
....On top of it all, Germany just started paying Russia, the country they want protection from, Billions of Dollars for their Energy needs coming out of a new pipeline from Russia. Not acceptable! All NATO Nations must meet their 2% commitment, and that must ultimately go to 4%!
Presidents have been trying unsuccessfully for years to get Germany and other rich NATO Nations to pay more toward their protection from Russia. They pay only a fraction of their cost. The U.S. pays tens of Billions of Dollars too much to subsidize Europe, and loses Big on Trade!
Billions of additional dollars are being spent by NATO countries since my visit last year, at my request, but it isn’t nearly enough. U.S. spends too much. Europe’s borders are BAD! Pipeline dollars to Russia are not acceptable!
 What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are there only 5 out of 29 c…
What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are there only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment? The U.S. is paying for Europe’s protection, then loses billions on Trade. Must pay 2% of GDP IMMEDIATELY, not by 2025.
What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are their only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment? The U.S. is paying for Europe’s protection, then loses billions on Trade. Must pay 2% of GDP IMMEDIATELY, not by 2025.
Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the “Special” Counsel because the public understands that there was no  Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous), that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation and that the only Collusion was with the Dems!
Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the “Special” Councel because the public understands that there was no  Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous), that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation and that the only Collusion was with the Dems!
Just won lawsuit filed by the DNC and a bunch of Democrat crazies trying to claim the Trump Campaign (and others), colluded with Russia. They haven’t figured out that this was an excuse for them losing the election!
Russia continues to say they had nothing to do with Meddling in our Election! Where is the DNC Server, and why didn’t Shady James Comey and the now disgraced FBI agents take and closely examine it? Why isn’t Hillary/Russia being looked at? So many questions, so much corruption!
Major Wall Street Journal opinion piece today talking about the Russian Witch Hunt and the disgrace that it is. So many people hurt, so bad for our country - a total sham! 
The Russian Witch Hunt is Rigged!
.Fox News  Poll numbers plummet on the Democrat inspired and paid for Russian Witch Hunt. With all of the bias, lying and hate by the investigators, people want the investigators investigated. Much more will come out. A total scam and excuse for the Dems losing the Election!
WITCH HUNT! There was no Russian Collusion. Oh, I see, there was no Russian Collusion, so now they look for obstruction on the no Russian Collusion. The phony Russian Collusion was a made up Hoax. Too bad they didn’t look at Crooked Hillary like this. Double Standard!
FBI Agent Peter Strzok, who headed the Clinton and Russia investigations, texted to his lover Lisa Page, in the IG Report, that “we’ll stop” candidate Trump from becoming President. Doesn’t get any lower than that!
So, the Democrats make up a phony crime, Collusion with the Russians, pay a fortune to make the crime sound real, illegally leak (Comey) classified information so that a Special Councel will be appointed, and then Collude to make this pile of garbage take on life in Fake News!
I am heading for Canada and the G-7 for talks that will mostly center on the long time unfair trade practiced against the United States. From there I go to Singapore and talks with North Korea on Denuclearization. Won’t be talking about the Russian Witch Hunt Hoax for a while!
The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax continues, all because Jeff Sessions didn’t tell me he was going to recuse himself...I would have quickly picked someone else. So much time and money wasted, so many lives ruined...and Sessions knew better than most that there was No Collusion!
The Fake News Media is desperate to distract from the economy and record setting economic numbers and so they keep talking about the phony Russian Witch Hunt.
There was No Collusion with Russia (except by the Democrats). When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever end? So bad for our Country. Is the Special Counsel/Justice Department leaking my lawyers letters to the Fake News Media? Should be looking at Dems corruption instead?
There was No Collusion with Russia (except by the Democrats). When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever end? So bad for our Country. Is the Special Councel/Justice Department leaking my lawyers letters to the Fake News Media? Should be looking at Dems corruption instead?
....“$17 million spent, it’s a scam Investigation. Americans are being worked. We now know there was Russian collusion, with Russians and the Democrats. The Mueller team is stacked with anti-Trumpers, who actually represented Clinton people (and gave $’s to Crooked H).” Dan Bongino
A.P. has just reported that the Russian Hoax Investigation has now cost our government over $17 million, and going up fast. No Collusion, except by the Democrats!
Not that it matters but I never fired James Comey because of Russia! The Corrupt Mainstream Media loves to keep pushing that narrative, but they know it is not true!
RUSH LIMBAUGH  “If the FBI was so concerned, and if they weren’t targeting Trump, they should have told Trump. If they were really concerned about the Russians infiltrating a campaign (hoax), then why not try to stop it? Why not tell Trump? Because they were pushing this scam.”
The soon to be released book, “The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton And Frame Donald Trump,” written by Gregg Jarrett, looks like a real deal big hit. The Phony Witch Hunt will be opened up for the world to see! Out in 5 weeks.
Sorry, I’ve got to start focusing my energy on North Korea Nuclear, bad Trade Deals, VA Choice, the Economy, rebuilding the Military, and so much more, and not on the Rigged Russia Witch Hunt that should be investigating Clinton/Russia/FBI/Justice/Obama/Comey/Lynch etc.
The 13 Angry Democrats (plus people who worked 8 years for Obama) working on the rigged Russia Witch Hunt, will be MEDDLING with the mid-term elections, especially now that Republicans (stay tough!) are taking the lead in Polls. There was no Collusion, except by the Democrats!
Why didn’t President Obama do something about the so-called Russian Meddling when he was told about it by the FBI before the Election? Because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win, and he didn’t want to upset the apple cart! He was in charge, not me, and did nothing.
Why didn’t the 13 Angry Democrats investigate the campaign of Crooked Hillary Clinton, many crimes, much Collusion with Russia? Why didn’t the FBI take the Server from the DNC?  Rigged Investigation!
Who’s going to give back the young and beautiful lives (and others) that have been devastated and destroyed by the phony Russia Collusion Witch Hunt? They journeyed down to Washington, D.C., with stars in their eyes and wanting to help our nation...They went back home in tatters!
When will the 13 Angry Democrats (and those who worked for President O), reveal their disqualifying Conflicts of Interest? It’s been a long time now! Will they be indelibly written into the Report along with the fact that the only Collusion is with the Dems, Justice, FBI and Russia?
This whole Russia Probe is Rigged. Just an excuse as to why the Dems and Crooked Hillary lost the Election and States that haven’t been lost in decades. 13 Angry Democrats, and all Dems if you include the people who worked for Obama for 8 years. SPYGATE and CONFLICTS OF INTEREST!
With Spies, or “Informants” as the Democrats like to call them because it sounds less sinister (but it’s not), all over my campaign, even from a very early date, why didn’t the crooked highest levels of the FBI or “Justice” contact me to tell me of the  phony Russia problem?
The Democrats are now alluding to the the concept that having an Informant placed in an opposing party’s campaign is different than having a Spy, as illegal as that may be. But what about an “Informant” who is paid a fortune and who “sets up” way earlier than the Russian Hoax?
Look how things have turned around on the Criminal Deep State. They go after Phony Collusion with Russia, a made up Scam, and end up getting caught in a major SPY scandal the likes of which this country may never have seen before! What goes around, comes around!
...Follow the money! The spy was there early in the campaign and yet never reported Collusion with Russia, because there was no Collusion. He was only there to spy for political reasons and to help Crooked Hillary win - just like they did to Bernie Sanders, who got duped!
The Witch Hunt finds no Collusion with Russia - so now they’re looking at the rest of the World. Oh’ great!
Now that the Witch Hunt has given up on Russia and is looking at the rest of the World, they should easily be able to take it into the Mid-Term Elections where they can put some hurt on the Republican Party. Don’t worry about Dems FISA Abuse, missing Emails or Fraudulent Dossier!
....At what point does this soon to be $20,000,000 Witch Hunt, composed of 13 Angry and Heavily Conflicted Democrats and two people who have worked for Obama for 8 years, STOP! They have found no Collussion with Russia, No Obstruction, but they aren’t looking at the corruption...
Things are really getting ridiculous. The Failing and Crooked (but not as Crooked as Hillary Clinton) nytimes has done a long and boring story indicating that the World’s most expensive Witch Hunt has found nothing on Russia and me so now they are looking at the rest of the World!
Reports are there was indeed at least one FBI representative implanted, for political purposes, into my campaign for president. It took place very early on, and long before the phony Russia Hoax became a “hot” Fake News story. If true - all time biggest political scandal!
Can you believe that with all of the made up, unsourced stories I get from the Fake News Media, together with the  $10,000,000 Russian Witch Hunt (there is no Collusion), I now have my best Poll Numbers in a year. Much of the Media may be corrupt, but the People truly get it!
The 13 Angry Democrats in charge of the Russian Witch Hunt are starting to find out that there is a Court System in place that actually protects people from injustice...and just wait ‘till the Courts get to see your unrevealed Conflicts of Interest!
The Russia Witch Hunt is rapidly losing credibility. House Intelligence Committee found No Collusion, Coordination or anything else with Russia. So now the Probe says OK, what else is there? How about Obstruction for a made up, phony crime.There is no O, it’s called Fighting Back
“This isn’t some game. You are screwing with the work of the president of the United States.”  John Dowd, March 2018.  With North Korea, China, the Middle East and so much more, there is not much time to be thinking about this, especially since there was no Russian “Collusion.”
NEW BOOK - A MUST READ! “The Russia Hoax - The Illicit Scheme to Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump” by the brilliant Fox News Legal Analyst Gregg Jarrett. A sad chapter for law enforcement. A rigged system!
So disgraceful that the questions concerning the Russian Witch Hunt were “leaked” to the media. No questions on Collusion. Oh, I see...you have a made up, phony crime, Collusion, that never existed, and an investigation begun with illegally leaked classified information. Nice!
Secret Service has just informed me that Senator Jon Tester’s statements on Admiral Jackson are not true. There were no such findings. A horrible thing that we in D.C. must live with, just like phony Russian Collusion. Tester should lose race in Montana. Very dishonest and sick!
House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along, it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Counsel appointed. Witch Hunt!
House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along, it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Councel appointed. Witch Hunt!
Just Out: House Intelligence Committee Report released. “No evidence” that the Trump Campaign “colluded, coordinated or conspired with Russia.” Clinton Campaign paid for Opposition Research obtained from Russia- Wow! A total Witch Hunt! MUST END NOW!
Slippery James Comey, the worst FBI Director in history, was not fired because of the phony Russia investigation where, by the way, there was NO COLLUSION (except by the Dems)!
Russia and China are playing the Currency Devaluation game as the U.S. keeps raising interest rates. Not acceptable!
Much of the bad blood with Russia is caused by the Fake and Corrupt Russia Investigation, headed up by the all Democrat loyalists, or people that worked for Obama. Mueller is most conflicted of all (except Rosenstein who signed FISA and Comey letter). No Collusion, so they go crazy!
Our relationship with Russia is worse now than it has ever been, and that includes the Cold War. There is no reason for this. Russia needs us to help with their economy, something that would be very easy to do, and we need all nations to work together. Stop the arms race?
Russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at Syria. Get ready Russia,  because they will be coming, nice and new and “smart!” You shouldn’t be partners with a Gas Killing Animal who kills his people and enjoys it!
....doing things that nobody thought possible, despite the never ending and corrupt Russia Investigation, which takes tremendous time and focus. No Collusion or Obstruction (other than I fight back), so now they do the Unthinkable, and RAID a lawyers office for information! BAD!
The Failing New York Times wrote another phony story. It was political pundit Doug Schoen, not a Ukrainian businessman, who asked me to do a short speech by phone (Skype), hosted by Doug, in Ukraine. I was very positive about Ukraine-another negative to the Fake Russia  C story!
Many dead, including women and children, in mindless CHEMICAL attack in Syria. Area of atrocity is in lockdown and encircled by Syrian Army, making it completely inaccessible to outside world. President Putin, Russia and Iran are responsible for backing Animal Assad. Big price...
....lawyer or law firm will take months to get up to speed (if for no other reason than they can bill more), which is unfair to our great country - and I am very happy with my existing team. Besides, there was NO COLLUSION with Russia, except by Crooked Hillary and the Dems!
Many lawyers and top law firms want to represent me in the Russia case...don’t believe the Fake News narrative that it is hard to find a lawyer who wants to take this on. Fame and fortune will NEVER be turned down by a lawyer, though some are conflicted. Problem is that a new......
House Intelligence Committee votes to release final report. FINDINGS: (1) No evidence provided of Collusion between Trump Campaign and Russia. (2)  The Obama Administrations Post election response was insufficient. (3) Clapper provided inconsistent testimony on media contacts.
I called President Putin of Russia to congratulate him on his election victory (in past, Obama called him also). The Fake News Media is crazed because they wanted me to excoriate him. They are wrong! Getting along with Russia (and others) is a good thing, not a bad thing.......
As the House Intelligence Committee has concluded, there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump Campaign. As many are now finding out, however, there was tremendous leaking, lying and corruption at the highest levels of the FBI, Justice and State. Drain The Swamp
THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE HAS, AFTER A 14 MONTH LONG IN-DEPTH INVESTIGATION, FOUND NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION OR COORDINATION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA TO INFLUENCE THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.
...have shown conclusively that there was no Collusion with Russia..just excuse for losing. The only Collusion was that done by the DNC, the Democrats and Crooked Hillary. The writer of the story, Maggie Haberman, a Hillary flunky, knows nothing about me and is not given access.
The Failing New York Times purposely wrote a false story stating that I am unhappy with my legal team on the Russia case and am going to add another lawyer to help out. Wrong. I am VERY happy with my lawyers, John Dowd, Ty Cobb and Jay Sekulow. They are doing a great job and.....
Why did the Obama Administration start an investigation into the Trump Campaign (with zero proof of wrongdoing) long before the Election in November? Wanted to discredit so Crooked H would win. Unprecedented. Bigger than Watergate! Plus, Obama did NOTHING about Russian meddling.
“Russians had no compromising information on Donald Trump” Fox News  Of course not, because there is none, and never was. This whole Witch Hunt is an illegal disgrace...and Obama did nothing about Russia!
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? Why didn’t Obama do something about the meddling? Why aren’t Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Sessions!
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? Why didn’t Obama do something about the meddling? Why aren’t Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Session!
Bad ratings CNN and MSNBC got scammed when they covered the anti-Trump Russia rally wall-to-wall. They probably knew it was Fake News but, because it was a rally against me, they pushed it hard anyway. Two really dishonest newscasters, but the public is wise!
I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama, just look at the facts. Total Fake News!
....The President Obama quote just before election. That’s because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and he didn’t want to “rock the boat.” When I easily won the Electoral College, the whole game changed and the Russian excuse became the narrative of the Dems.
Thank you to foxandfriends for the great timeline on all of the failures the Obama Administration had against Russia, including Crimea, Syria and so much more. We are now starting to win again!
Obama was President up to, and beyond, the 2016 Election. So why didn’t he do something about Russian meddling?
Thank you to Ken Starr, former Independent Counsel, Whitewater, for your insight and powerful words on FISA abuse, Russian meddling etc. Really great interview with Maria Bartiromo
If it was the GOAL of Russia to create discord, disruption and chaos within the U.S. then, with all of the Committee Hearings, Investigations and Party hatred, they have succeeded beyond their wildest dreams. They are laughing their asses off in Moscow. Get smart America!
Now that Adam Schiff is starting to blame President Obama for Russian meddling in the election, he is probably doing so as yet another excuse that the Democrats, lead by their fearless leader, Crooked Hillary Clinton, lost the 2016 election. But wasn’t I a great candidate?
I never said Russia did not meddle in the election, I said “it may be Russia, or China or another country or group, or it may be a 400 pound genius sitting in bed and playing with his computer.” The Russian “hoax” was that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia - it never did!
Finally, Liddle’ Adam Schiff, the leakin’ monster of no control, is now blaming the Obama Administration for Russian meddling in the 2016 Election. He is finally right about something. Obama was President, knew of the threat, and did nothing. Thank you Adam!
General Mc Master forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the Russians and that the only Collusion was between Russia and Crooked H, the DNC and the Dems. Remember the Dirty Dossier, Uranium, Speeches, Emails and the Podesta Company!
Very sad that the FBI missed all of the many signals sent out by the Florida school shooter. This is not acceptable. They are spending too much time trying to prove Russian collusion with the Trump campaign - there is no collusion. Get back to the basics and make us all proud!
“I have seen all of the Russian ads and I can say very definitively that swaying the election was *NOT* the main goal.” Rob Goldman Vice President of Facebook Ads 
Funny how the Fake News Media doesn’t want to say that the Russian group was formed in 2014, long before my run for President. Maybe they knew I was going to run even though I didn’t know!
“Charges Deal Don A Big Win,” written by Michael Goodwin of the nypost, succinctly states that “the Russians had no impact on the election results.” There was no Collusion with the Trump Campaign. “She lost the old-fashioned way, by being a terrible candidate. Case closed.”
Russia started their anti-US campaign in 2014, long before I announced that I would run for President. The results of the election were not impacted. The Trump campaign did nothing wrong - no collusion!
According to the nytimes, a Russian sold phony secrets on “Trump” to the U.S. Asking price was $10 million, brought down to $1 million to be paid over time. I hope people are now seeing and understanding what is going on here. It is all now starting to come out - DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Wow! -Senator Mark Warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch. Warner did not want a “paper trail” on a “private” meeting (in London) he requested with Steele of fraudulent Dossier fame. All tied into Crooked Hillary.
Great jobs numbers and finally, after many years, rising wages- and nobody even talks about them. Only Russia, Russia, Russia, despite the fact that, after a year of looking, there is No Collusion!
This memo totally vindicates “Trump” in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!
Do you notice the Fake News Mainstream Media never likes covering the great and record setting economic news, but rather talks about anything negative or that can be turned into the negative. The Russian Collusion Hoax is dead, except as it pertains to the Dems. Public gets it!
 Fusion GPS, firm behind disputed Russia dossier, retracts its claim of FBI mole in Trump camp 
Disproven and paid for by Democrats “Dossier used to spy on Trump Campaign. Did FBI use Intel tool to influence the Election?” foxandfriends  Did Dems or Clinton also pay Russians? Where are hidden and smashed DNC servers? Where are Crooked Hillary Emails?  What a mess!
The single greatest Witch Hunt in American history continues. There was no collusion, everybody including the Dems knows there was no collusion, and yet on and on it goes. Russia and the world is laughing at the stupidity they are witnessing. Republicans should finally take control!
The fact that Sneaky Dianne Feinstein, who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between Trump/Russia has not been found, would release testimony in such an underhanded and possibly illegal way, totally without authorization, is a disgrace. Must have tough Primary!
Now that Russian collusion, after one year of intense study, has proven to be a total hoax on the American public, the Democrats and their lapdogs, the Fake News Mainstream Media, are taking out the old Ronald Reagan playbook and screaming mental stability and intelligence.....
Well, now that collusion with Russia is proving to be a total hoax and the only collusion is with Hillary Clinton and the FBI/Russia, the Fake News Media (Mainstream) and this phony new book are hitting out at every new front imaginable. They should try winning an election. Sad!
While the Fake News loves to talk about my so-called low approval rating, foxandfriends just showed that my rating on Dec. 28, 2017, was approximately the same as President Obama on Dec. 28, 2009, which was 47%...and this despite massive negative Trump coverage and Russia hoax!
WOW, foxandfrlends  “Dossier is bogus. Clinton Campaign, DNC funded Dossier. FBI CANNOT (after all of this time) VERIFY CLAIMS IN DOSSIER OF RUSSIA/TRUMP COLLUSION. FBI TAINTED.” And they used this Crooked Hillary pile of garbage as the basis for going after the Trump Campaign!
Despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent, the Democrats have been unable to show any collusion with Russia - so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who I don’t know and/or have never met. FAKE NEWS!
Congratulations to ABC News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the Russia, Russia, Russia Witch Hunt. More Networks and “papers” should do the same with their Fake News!
The Chinese Envoy, who just returned from North Korea, seems to have had no impact on Little Rocket Man. Hard to believe his people, and the military, put up with living in such horrible conditions. Russia and China condemned the launch.
Since the first day I took office, all you hear is the phony Democrat excuse for losing the election, Russia, Russia,Russia.  Despite this I have the economy booming and have possibly done more than any 10 month President. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Does the Fake News Media remember when Crooked Hillary Clinton, as Secretary of State, was begging Russia to be our friend with the misspelled reset button? Obama tried also, but he had zero chemistry with Putin.
When will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. There always playing politics - bad for our country. I want to solve North Korea, Syria, Ukraine, terrorism, and Russia can greatly help!
Met with President Putin of Russia who was at APEC meetings. Good discussions on Syria. Hope for his help to solve, along with China the dangerous North Korea crisis. Progress being made.
All of this "Russia" talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts and Reform. Is this coincidental? NOT!
...the Uranium to Russia deal, the  33,000 plus deleted Emails, the Comey fix and so much more. Instead they look at phony Trump/Russia,....
“WHAT HAPPENED”  “How Team Hillary played the press for fools on Russia” ➡️  NOW WE KNOW! 
.Fox News Chris Wallace: “More evidence of Dem collusion with Russia than GOP” 
It is now commonly agreed, after many months of COSTLY looking, that there was NO collusion between Russia and Trump. Was collusion with HC!
.foxandfriends "Russia sent millions to Clinton Foundation"
Workers of firm involved with the discredited and Fake Dossier take the 5th. Who paid for it, Russia, the FBI or the Dems (or all)?
Uranium deal to Russia, with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge, is the biggest story that Fake Media doesn't want to follow!
The Russia hoax continues, now it's ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary?
foxandfriends According to report just out, President Obama knew about Russian interference 3 years ago but he didn't want to anger Russia!
Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a  phony Vietnam con artist!
...and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story, record Stock Market, border security, military strength, jobs.....
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 to sanction North Korea. China and Russia voted with us. Very big financial impact!
Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time and very dangerous  low. You can thank Congress, the same people that can't even give us HCare!
In other words, Russia was against Trump in the 2016 Election - and why not, I want strong military and low oil prices. Witch Hunt! 
"One of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the Russians collected and spread negative information.....
Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians. Witch Hunt. Next up, 11 year old Barron Trump!
Sleazy Adam Schiff, the totally biased Congressman looking into "Russia," spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse!
So why aren't the Committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered A.G., looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes and Russia relations?
After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found, Chuck Schumer just stated that "Democrats should blame ourselves,not Russia."
 As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues, two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold, Dem…
As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues, two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold, Democrats and Russians!
...What about all of the Clinton ties to Russia, including Podesta Company, Uranium deal, Russian Reset, big dollar speeches etc.
Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our winning campaign.
Stock Market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the Russian hoax story! Also, jobs numbers are starting to look very good!
 .jessebwatters on Donald JTrump Jr meeting with Russian attorney: "I believe Don Jr. is the victim here." The Five …
...We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives. Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia!
I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. I've already given my opinion.....
Fake News CNN is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories. Ratings way down!
 Hannity: Russia allegations 'boomeranging back' on Democrats 
Wow, CNN had to retract big story on "Russia," with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories they do? FAKE NEWS!
The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling. With 4 months looking at Russia...
The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win..
Obama Administration official said they "choked" when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election. They didn't want to hurt Hillary?
Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling, why no action? Focus on them, not T!
Just out: The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia. Did nothing about it. WHY?
By the way, if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election, it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didn't they stop them?
Former Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between Trump and Russia.
 The Media Says:  The President Should Stop Tweeting about Russia.   Well, Why Don't the Media Take Their Own Advice and S…
After 7 months of investigations and committee hearings about my "collusion with the Russians,"  nobody has been able to show any proof. Sad!
Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at, but my non-dealings are?
They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice
 "Yesterday's hearings provided zero evidence of collusion between our campaign and the Russians because there wasn't any…
So now it is reported that the Democrats, who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia, don't want him to testify. He blows away their....
 Jared Kushner didn't suggest Russian communications channel in meeting, source says 
Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. and how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News.
...to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS and terrorism.
As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining....
Again, the story that there was collusion between the Russians and Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election.
Yesterday, on the same day- I had meetings with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the FM of Ukraine, Pavlo… 
Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U.S. tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election.
The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?
Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is "no evidence" of collusion w/ Russia and Trump.
When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia and why the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate?
...Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?
 . Tucker Carlson : Dems Don't Really Believe Trump Is a Pawn of Russia - That's Just Their Political Tool  …
Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses and there will be lasting peace!
Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know?
..not associated with Russia. Trump team spied on before he was nominated." If this is true, does not get much bigger. Would be sad for U.S.
It is the same Fake News Media that said there is "no path to victory for Trump" that is now pushing the phony Russia story. A total scam!
When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and NBCNews start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump/Russia story?
Why doesn't Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered by Fox News or money from Russia to Clinton - sale of  Uranium?
Watch foxandfriends now on Podesta and Russia!
...money to Bill, the Hillary Russian "reset," praise of Russia by Hillary, or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. MAGA!
Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill and Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia, Russian speech....
Just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called Russia story on NBC and ABC. Such dishonesty!
What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?
The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College and lost!
James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!
For eight years Russia "ran over" President Obama, got stronger and stronger, picked-off Crimea and added missiles. Weak! foxandfriends
Who was it that secretly said to Russian President, "Tell Vladimir that after the election I'll have more flexibility?" foxandfriends
Just out: The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times, and 4 times last year alone.
The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs......
I hereby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it. 
I hearby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it. 
I hear by demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it. 
We should start an immediate investigation into Sen Schumer and his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite! 
Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems, and played up by the media, in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!
The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election, and so badly (306), so they made up a story - RUSSIA. Fake news!
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?
Information is being illegally given to the failing nytimes and washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.
I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, 1 in terror, no problem!
I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, 1in terror, no problem!
much worse - just look at Syria (red line), Crimea, Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News?
.Fox News "Outgoing CIA Chief, John Brennan, blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand." Oh really, couldn't do...
Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both Democrats and Republicans - FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists. Probably...
Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!
Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is "A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE." Very unfair!
'Buzz Feed Runs Unverifiable Trump-Russia Claims' Fake News  
 Watch our interview with Kellyanne Polls: Russia "did not succeed" in attempts to sway election  …
have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and....
Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. Only "stupid" people, or fools, would think that it is bad! We.....
The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia......
Julian Assange said "a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta" - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info!
The "Intelligence" briefing on so-called "Russian hacking" was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange!
Russians are playing CNN and NBCNews for such fools - funny to watch, they don't have a clue! Fox News totally gets it!
If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?
Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory!
I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing nytimes said. Russia, U.K., China, Saudi Arabia, Japan,
HILLARY FAILED ALL OVER THE WORLD. Big League Truth   ❌LIBYA ❌SYRIA ❌IRAN ❌IRAQ ❌ASIA PIVOT ❌RUSSIAN RESET ❌BENGHAZI… 
Russia has more warheads than ever, N Korea is testing nukes, and Iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs. Thanks, Hillary Clinton.
Hillary Clinton failed all over the world.  ❌LIBYA ❌SYRIA ❌IRAN ❌IRAQ ❌ASIA PIVOT ❌RUSSIAN RESET ❌BENGHAZI… 
Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?
Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!
Report raises questions about ‘Clinton Cash’ from Russians during ‘reset' 
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!
 Trump makes a funny, obvious joke about Russia going after Hillary's emails and U.S. media goes insane with fury. He plays t…
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI!
Funny how the failing nytimes is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said "Trump is a genius." America 1st!
For the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia.
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster, the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes me
Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS, China, Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years!
If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie, how is she going to take on China, Russia, ISIS and all of the others?
Do you think Iran would have acted so tough if they were Russian sailors? Our country was humiliated.
The Iran deal is terrible. Why didn't we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to Russia. SOTU
President Obama just told President Putin how important the Russian air strikes against ISIS have been. I TOLD YOU SO!
Black Lives Matter protesters totally disrupt Hillary Clinton event. She looked lost. This is not what we need with ISIS, CHINA, RUSSIA etc.
"russia890: CNNPolitics real Donald Trump Trump is the smartest of all. My comment is non partisan. I heard everybody n im on Trump side."
Russia and the world has already started to respect us again! 
How can Jeb Bush expect to deal with China, Russia + Iran if he gets caught doing a “plant” during my speech yesterday in NH?
The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer! HOW CAN HE BEAT RUSSIA and CHINA?
"monkiekaty: real Donald Trump russiannavyblog Joe3957 jwil444 DNorrell greta State Dept Fox News Yes! Yes! Yes! Trump for President👍
"russiannavyblog: Joe3957 jwil444 DNorrell greta State Dept Fox News If there is anything America desperately needs, it's a Trump run!"
"russiannavyblog: real Donald Trump Apprentice NBC An announcement Mr Trump will run for President and fix the Obama-ruined nation?"
"Vladimir Russia7  real Donald Trump You are the best billionare and the great teacher!I love your inspiring books!" Thanks and good luck.
"Vladimir Russia7: real Donald Trump Oh,How I respect you- a billionaire,a family man,and a TV Star!" Thanks.
"Vladimir Russia7: real Donald Trump and mcuban and Warren Buffett are my favorite billionaires and heroes."
"Vladimir Russia7: real Donald Trump Merry Christmas,my favorite billionaire!" Thanks!
"Vladimir Russia7: "real Donald Trump :Be sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions. Push yourself, you can do it. Think Big!""
"russiannavyblog:  dr_rita39 I follow Mr. Trump in a crusade to get him to restore Western Civilization with a Trump/Palin '16 ticket!"
Right now 4000 U.S. troops are stupidly heading to West Africa to help fight Ebola.No help from China, Russia or wealthy African oil nations
Obama is looking like an incompetent fool in the handling of the war against.ISIS! Why isn't China and Russia helping - they gain so much!
"woofeous: real Donald Trump Typical, I bet the Dems will "surrender" the oil over to the Russians and Chinese as payment for our debts, etc.
BREAKING NEWS:  Obama has just made a trade with Russia. They get Florida, California and our gold supply. We get borscht and a bottle of vodka.
Have you ever seen our country look weaker or more pathetic: Snowden, Obama Care, VA, Russia, jobs, decimated military, debt and so much more
A classic - China just signs massive oil and gas deal with Russia giving Russia plenty of ammo to continue laughing in U.S. face.
Russia is on the move in the Ukraine, Iran is nuking up and Libya is run by Al Qaeda, yet Obama is busy issuing ‘climate change” warnings.
China is closing a massive oil deal w/ Russia, taking advantage of the Ukraine conflict  Smart, unlike our leaders.
Remember, Russia still has Snowden. When are we going to bring that piece of human garbage back home to stand trial? He caused great damage!
Get Snowden back from Russia—he has done tremendous damage to the US and should pay a very heavy price.
On top of the disrespect shown by Russia, don’t forget they still have Snowden, who has given them (and everyone) massive US secrets.
"harvey_handy: real Donald Trump if POTUS what would you do with Russia right now?"  All I can say is that they would respect the U.S.
Because of President Obama's failed leadership, we have put Vladimir Putin and Russia back on the world stage! --No reason for this.
Not good or smart for Obama to be calling Russia a "regional" power or to mention the concept of a nuclear weapon going off in NYC.
Obama must now FOCUS, get his mind off "March.Madness", and LEAD! Watch Russia closely, work hard on the economy and get rid of Obama Care!
The situation with Russia is much more dangerous than most people may think - and could lead to World War III. WE NEED GREAT LEADERSHIP FAST
I believe Putin will continue to re-build the Russian Empire. He has zero respect for Obama or the U.S.!
Putin has become a big hero in Russia with an all time high popularity. Obama, on the other hand, has fallen to his lowest ever numbers. SAD
We're spending a fortune looking for the lost plane with mostly Chinese passengers, and that's OK-but how much are Russia and China spending?
President Obama could totally solve the problem with Putin by demanding that Russia sign on to Obama Care, thereby destroying their economy!
"Tom Nocera: Somebody said the first casualty of war is truth. Somebody tell Kerry to take DT with him to negotiate the Russian surrender."
.Mitt Romney strongly stated, in one of the debates with Pres. OBAMA, that Russia is the big problem. Obama scoffed. Mitt was 100% correct!
The U.S. has appealed ro Russia not to intervene in Ukraine - Russia tells U.S. they will not become involved, and then laughs loudly!
Whether you like it or not, the Russians did a great job in hosting the Olympics! Remember when Obama went to Europe to get Olympics-fourth.
Russia beat the United States in the Olympics-another Obama embarrassment! Isn't it time that we turn things around and start kicking ass?
"ann_eads: real Donald Trump I agree with you about how people are mocking Russia and their efforts. Only going to hurt us in long run."
Emin from Russia--a very talented guy. All proceeds go to help the Philippines. eminofficial missuniverse  
If we could force Russia, China and other competitors to use Obama Care, we would be able to instantly destroy their great economic success!
I just got back from Russia-learned lots and lots. Moscow is a very interesting and amazing place! U.S. MUST BE VERY SMART AND VERY STRATEGIC.
"cooey2ruley: real Donald Trump since you are in Russia go kick Snowden in the ass."
"Tim TMahar: real Donald Trump when you leave Russia, please bring back some leaders!"  Interesting!
I'm in Moscow for Miss Universe tonight - picking a winner is very hard, they are all winners. Total sellout of arena. Big night in Russia!
The 2013 MISS UNIVERSE® Pageant will take place in Russia for the very first time in the 62 year history of the contest.
"Nhoie Gee: real Donald Trump am i gonna see u in russia this november?? are u goin to attend the event?"  Miss Universe on Nov 9th, yes!
"bahia6085: real Donald Trump Klyushina_ENG Are you going to straighten out the Russia Syria problem? Hope so."  Can be done!
American Exceptionalism and the Navy Yard shooting do not go hand in hand. Foreign countries, in particular Russia, are mocking the U.S.
Wow, with all this talk, Miss Universe is going to Russia on November 9th- 
China, Russia and Iran are laughing at us. We have weak leaders who are threatening our national security. Dangerous times.
Putin's letter is a masterpiece for Russia and a disaster for the U.S. He is lecturing to our President.Never has our Country looked to weak
We will have to see what Russia's next move will be. They may have given him an out of an embarrassing situation or drove into deeper mess!
This new Russian strategy guarantees victory for the Syrian government-and makes Obama and U.S. look hopelessly bad. President in trouble!
The Russians are playing a very smart game. In the meantime they are buying lots of time for Syria and making U.S. look foolish. Dangerous!
Speaking of our very stupid war with Iraq, it is totally disintegrating and Iran (with Russia) will walk in and take it over (lots of oil)!
I am not angry at Russia (or China) because their leaders are far smarter than ours. We need real leadership, and fast,before it is too late
I wonder how much our "leaders" have promised, or given, Russia in order for them to behave and not make the U.S. look even worse?
Russia is sending a fleet of ships to the Mediterranean. Obama’s war in Syria has the potential to widen into a worldwide conflict.
China, OPEC and Russia laugh at us. But now thanks to Obama so does Syria. Very sad!
Obama now just wants to save face, Russia is now telling him "don't do it". He waited too long and the other side is much better prepared.
If we are going to continue to be stupid and go into Syria (watch Russia), as they say in the movies, SHOOT FIRST AND TALK LATER!
Re Miss Universe Pageant, we’ve spoken w/the LGBT community in Russia who asked “please don’t leave, it would send the wrong signal.”
Snowden is handing over to Russia a treasure trove of intel. Our politicians are incapable of dealing!
A sad day for America with Snowden being granted asylum in Russia.  Putin is laughing at Obama.
kaplunm         "real Donald Trump thoughts on Snowden being granted asylum in Russia?" No respect for U.S. by Russia.
The U.S. is now "begging" Russia to give back Edward Snowden. In a letter they promised no death penalty for the traitor. No respect!
Traitor Snowden has requested asylum in Russia.  Why would Russia grant it?  Snowden already gave them all the intel he stole!
"SScottlilly80: real Donald Trump Run for president we need someone to stand up china and Russia. They laugh at us now." They do laugh!
"cakeladyconnie: real Donald Trump I bet the Russian leaders wouldn't taunt you...just sayin'"  They would not!
"billy_douglas: real Donald Trump would the US hand a russian over in similar circumstances?"  With ease and get nothing for it!
Russia should hand over Snowden to the U.S. but they are having too much fun taunting our leaders.
Snowden has given serious information to China and Russia-anyone who thinks otherwise is a dope! He is a traitor who fled-he knew the crime!
Lying traitor Snowden now claims that he did not give any information to the Russians or Chinese.  Why doesn’t he come home then?
We are being embarrassed by Russia and China on Snowden (and much more) yet Obama is talking about global warming on Tuesday.
Putin says Russia can’t allow a weakening of its nuclear deterrent—U.S. wants to reduce—are we crazy?
The Miss Universe Pageant will be broadcast live from MOSCOW, RUSSIA on November 9th. A big deal that will bring our countries together!
Russian leaders are publicly celebrating Obama's reelection.  They can't wait to see how flexible Obama will be now.
"This is my last election. After my election I have more flexibility." Obama to Medvedev Russia E discussing our nuclear arsenal.
No surprise. DNC displayed Russian ships in tribute to vets   Did they mean to honor the Russians?
It is very sad to see what Barack Obama has done with NASA. He has gutted the program and made us dependent on the Russians.
Putin just sent a Russian nuclear sub to the Gulf of Mexico. Barack Obama can't be bothered, he is too concerned with Mitt Romney's taxes.
.Barack Obama was caught telling Russian PM Medvedev Russia E that he can be more 'flexible' in his second term. Russia thinks he's weak.
He has no respect for American exceptionalism. Barack Obama has outsourced our space program to the Russians 
Now the Chinese are planning a war game w/ the Iranians,Syrians and Russians along Syrian coast.  Laughing at Barack Obama
America's competitors love Barack Obama. Medvedev Russia E says Barack Obama has been "the best 3 years" for Russia 
He Barack Obama is caught on tape making election promises to Medvedev Russia E on missile defense and national security 
Barack Obama’s Russian Ambassador stated that he supports ‘universal values’ not ‘American values’ (cont) 
"Obama's plan to have Russia stand up to Iran was a horrible failure that turned America into a laughingstock."  Time To Get Tough
American sanctions alone cannot stop Iran's nuclear drive--and Barack Obama cannot get China and Russia to agree on new Iranian sanctions.
