Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker, the American Family, and the American Dream! KAG2020 
Senator Rand Paul just wrote a great book, “The Case Against Socialism” which is now out. Highly recommended – as America was founded on LIBERTY and INDEPENDENCE – not government coercion, domination and control. We were born free, and will stay free, as long as I am your President!
 Great new book just released by ⁦Rand Paul⁩. The Case Against Socialism - Rand Paul - Hardcover. Pick up your copy today…
 Socialism SUCKS and Team Trump is flying high above the Dem debate in Houston to remind the circus in town that their policie…
Looking forward to soon being in North Carolina to hold a big rally for wonderful Dan Bishop, who is running for Congress. His opponent wants Open Borders, Sanctuary Cities, and Socialism. He likes the “Squad” more than North Carolina. Dan has my Full and Complete Endorsement!
The Dems were trying to distance themselves from the four “progressives,” but now they are forced to embrace them. That means they are endorsing Socialism, hate of Israel and the USA! Not good for the Democrats!
 Latino Americans know that it was freedom, not socialism, that gave us the most prosperous and powerful nation in the histo…
 No law that kicks 180 million Americans off their plans is acceptable. While Democrats abandon Obamacare for more socialism…
“We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day Mc Carthyism....which is the widest fishing net expedition....every aspect of the presidents life....all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism.” seanhannity
“We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day Mc Cathyism....which is the widest fishing net expedition....every aspect of the presidents life....all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism.” seanhannity
Today more than 50 countries around the world now recognize the rightful government of Venezuela. The Venezuelan people have spoken and the world has heard their voice. They are turning the page on Socialism and Dictatorship; and there will be NO GOING BACK! 
We are here to proclaim that a new day is coming in Latin America. In Venezuela and across the Western Hemisphere, Socialism is DYING - and liberty, prosperity, and democracy are being REBORN...
If Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi gain the majority, they will try to raise your taxes, restore job-killing regulations, shut down your coal mines and timber mills, take away your healthcare, impose socialism, and ERASE your borders. VOTE for Matt For Montana and Greg For Montana! 
