In fact, my views on Venezuela, and especially Cuba, were far stronger than those of John Bolton. He was holding me back! 
 Thank you Ivanka Trump for continuing to show America’s support for the people of Venezuela! We will not stop fighting until they h…
 “We stand with the people of Venezuela in their struggle to restore democracy, freedom and rule of law. It was deeply m…
Russia has informed us that they have removed most of their people from Venezuela.
On this Cuban Independence Day, we stand by the people of Cuba in their quest for freedom, democracy and prosperity. The Cuban regime must end its repression of Cubans and Venezuelans. The United States will not stand idly by as Cuba continues to subvert democracy in the Americas!
After a great rally in Panama City Beach, Florida - I am returning to Washington, D.C. with Sen Rick Scott and Senator Marco Rubio, discussing the terrible abuses by Maduro. America stands with the GREAT PEOPLE of Venezuela for however long it takes! 
....We discussed Trade, Venezuela, Ukraine, North Korea, Nuclear Arms Control and even the “Russian Hoax.” Very productive talk!
I am continuing to monitor the situation in Venezuela very closely. The United States stands with the People of Venezuela and their Freedom! 
If Cuban Troops and Militia do not immediately CEASE military and other operations for the purpose of causing death and destruction to the Constitution of Venezuela, a full and complete....
I am monitoring the situation in Venezuela very closely. The United States stands with the People of Venezuela and their Freedom!
 The struggle in Venezuela is between dictatorship and democracy, and freedom has the momentum. Nicolas Maduro is a dictator with no…
The people of Venezuela stand at the threshold of history, ready to reclaim their country – and their future.... 
God Bless the people of Venezuela!
Today more than 50 countries around the world now recognize the rightful government of Venezuela. The Venezuelan people have spoken and the world has heard their voice. They are turning the page on Socialism and Dictatorship; and there will be NO GOING BACK! 
I ask every member of the Maduro regime: End this nightmare of poverty, hunger and death. LET YOUR PEOPLE GO. Set your country free! Now is the time for all Venezuelan Patriots to act together, as one united people. Nothing could be better for the future of Venezuela!
The people of Venezuela are standing for FREEDOM and DEMOCRACY – and the United States of America is standing right by their side!
We are here to proclaim that a new day is coming in Latin America. In Venezuela and across the Western Hemisphere, Socialism is DYING - and liberty, prosperity, and democracy are being REBORN...
Spoke today with Venezuelan Interim President Juan Guaido to congratulate him on his historic assumption of the presidency and reinforced strong United States support for Venezuela’s fight to regain its democracy....
....Large protests all across Venezuela today against Maduro. The fight for freedom has begun!
Maduro willing to negotiate with opposition in Venezuela following U.S. sanctions and the cutting off of oil revenues. Guaido is being targeted by Venezuelan Supreme Court. Massive protest expected today. Americans should not travel to Venezuela until further notice.
The citizens of Venezuela have suffered for too long at the hands of the illegitimate Maduro regime. Today, I have officially recognized the President of the Venezuelan National Assembly, Juan Guaido, as the Interim President of Venezuela. 
The Stock Market is up massively since the Election, but is now taking a little pause - people want to see what happens with the Midterms. If you want your Stocks to go down, I strongly suggest voting Democrat. They like the Venezuela financial model, High Taxes and Open Borders!
Ron Ron De Santis FL De Santis had a great debate victory tonight against Andrew Gillum, a mayor who presides over one of the worst run, and most corrupt, cities in Florida. Ron will build on the great job done by Governor Rick Scott. Gillum will make Florida the next Venezuela!
Rick Scott is known as easily one of the best Governors in the USA. Florida is setting records in almost every category of success. Amazing achievement-the envy of the World. Ron De Santis will build on this success. His incompetent opponent will destroy Florida - next Venezuela!
Beto O’Rourke is a total lightweight compared to Ted Cruz, and he comes nowhere near representing the values and desires of the people of the Great State of Texas. He will never be allowed to turn Texas into Venezuela!
Just spoke to King Salman of Saudi Arabia and explained to him that, because of the turmoil and disfunction in Iran and Venezuela, I am asking that Saudi Arabia increase oil production, maybe up to 2,000,000 barrels, to make up the difference...Prices to high! He has agreed!
Good news about the release of the American hostage from Venezuela. Should be landing in D.C. this evening and be in the White House, with his family, at about 7:00 P.M. The great people of Utah will be very happy!
We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela, and we want it to happen very, very soon! 
Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez, a political prisoner and husband of liliantintori (just met w/ marcorubio) o… 
Today in Florida, I pledged to stand with the people of Cuba and Venezuela in their fight against oppression- cont: 
"Rosita Lacruz: I love you real Donald Trump I love yours books ♡♡♡ resgards from Venezuela!!!!"
"bebe_el_mejor: real Donald Trump Mr. Trump you are one of the people I most admire ! Greetings from Venezuela!." Thanks.
The news about our beautiful Miss Venezuela, Monica Spear, is devastating to all who knew her. A spectacular woman, she will be missed.
Joseph Kennedy is really being used by Venezuela and Hugo C. in oil commercial!
Pageant people are really talking about Venezuela, Brazil, Mexico, USA, India, Australia.
Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez said in a television interview that aired on Sunday "If I were American, I'd vote for Obama."
